,"Also called an aerial, an antenna is a conductor that can transmit, send and receive signals such as microwave, radio or satellite signals. A high-gain antenna...",,,,,"conductor, transmit, send, recive, radio, satellite signals"
,"An antenna is a radiating and receiving element from which the radio signal, in the form of RF power, is radiated to its surroundings and vice versa. The RF...",,,,,"radiating, reciving, radio signal, radiated, "
,An antenna is a device whose purpose is to arrange currents so that their .... The best place to locate the antenna is a quarter of the guide wavelength from the...,,,,,"device, arrange, currents, place to locate"
,An antenna is a device that converts electric currents into electromagnetic waves and ..... The antenna is a critical factor in a system's performance and should.,,,,,"device, converting, radiation, electrical currents, conductors"
,"An antenna is a device for converting electromagnetic radiation in space into electrical currents in conductors or vice-versa, depending on whether it is being...",,,,,"device, electromagnetic radiation, converting, electrical currents"
,The antenna is a device which transforms guided electromagnetic signals into electromagnetic waves propagating in free space. It can be used for reception and.,,,,,"device, transforms, electromagnetic waves, free space,"
,"An antenna is a device that is used to transfer guided electromagnetic waves (signals) to radiating waves in an unbounded medium, usually free space, and vice...",,,,,"device, transfer, electromagnetic waves, signals, unbouned medium"
,The antenna is a very important element of radio equipment. The antenna of the transmitter emits high frequency energy into space while the antenna of the...,,,,,"element, radio equipment, emits, high frecuency, space"
,An antenna is a specialized transducer that converts radio-frequency (RF) fields into alternating current (AC) or vice-versa.,,,,,"specialized transducer, converts, radio-frequency, current"
,A Polarization Review An antenna is a transducer that converts radio frequency electric current to electromagnetic waves that are then radiated into space.,,,,,"transducer, converts, radio frecuency, electromagnetic waves"
,"The acoustic equivalent of an antenna is a loudspeaker, (or microphone in the ...... At 1 GHz a wavelength is 30 cms; the antenna is a reasonable size and it is...",,,,,"acoustic, loudspeaker, reasonable size"
,An antenna is a device that transmits and/or receives electromagnetic waves. Electromagnetic waves are often referred to as radio waves. Most antennas are...,,,,,"device, transmit, receives, electromagnetic waves, radio waves"
,Antenna Basic Concepts. ANTENNA. An antenna is a device to transmit and/or receive electromagnetic waves. Electromagnetic waves are often referred.,,,,,"device, transmit, receive, electromagnetic waves"
,"An antenna is a transformer between a transmission line and free space. To describe an antenna, we must characterize its properties as a transmission line load...",,,,,"transformer, transmission line, free space, "
,"Strictly speaking, an antenna is a device which can radiate or receive electromagnetic energy. An ideal transmitting antenna accepts power from a source...",,,,,"device, radiate, recive, electromagnetic energy, "
,An antenna is a passive component and does not add power. So the only way the signal in a particular direction can be high in an antenna is that more of the...,,,,,"passve component, signal, particular direction"
,An antenna is a device that transmits and/or receives electromagnetic waves. Electromagnetic waves are often referred to as radio waves. Most antennas are...,,,,,"device, transmits, receives, electromagnetic waves, "
,"An antenna is a transducer between a guided wave and a radiated wave, or vice versa. The structure that ""guides"" the energy to the antenna is most evident as a...",,,,,"transducer, guided wave, radiated wave, energy"
,An antenna is a passive structure that serves as transition between a transmission line and air used to transmit and/or receive electromagnetic waves. Source.,,,,,"passive estructure, transition, transmission, recive"
,"... youre listening to. Notice I wrote system; the antenna is a system comprised of several parts: the antenna, the lead-in cable, and the mast or tower to hold it up.",,,,,"system comprised, several parts, lead in cable, tower"
,An antenna is a collector of radio signals that improves your reception by providing more signal than would be otherwise supplied to the receiver. An outdoor...,,,,,"collector, radio signals, improves, reception, receiver"
,An antenna is a collector of radio signals that improves your reception by providing more signal than would be otherwise supplied to the receiver. An outdoor...,,,,,"collector, radio signals, improves, reception, receiver"
,An antenna is a device that acts as a transformer to provide a good match between the feeding line as a local source of power and free space. If the antenna is...,,,,,"device, acts, transformer, good match, free space"
,"Lecture 33: Antenna Systems. An antenna is a component that radiates and receives the RF or microwave power. A reciprocal device, and the same antenna...",,,,,"systems, component, radiates, receives, microwave power"
,An antenna is a device that transmits and/or receives electromagnetic waves. Electromagnetic waves are often referred to as radio waves. Most antennas are...,,,,,"device, transmits, receives, electromagnetic waves, radio waves"
,system. The antenna is a critical component in a wireless communication system. A good design of the antenna can relax system requirements and improve its.,,,,,"component, communication system, good design, system"
,"By definition, an antenna is a device designed to transmit or receive electromagnetic energy, matching these sources of energy and the space.",,,,,"device, transmit, receive, electromagnetic energy, "
,"Introduction. Antennas are a very important component of communication systems. By definition, an antenna is a device used to transform an RF signal, traveling.",,,,,"component, communication system, device, transform, signal"
,The antenna is a very important element in a home FM radio receiving system. It supplies a strong signal to the FM receiver ensuring clear KGNU reception.,,,,,"element, home, radio, receving system, reception"
,wideband linear transmission performance has also been achieved in time domain. I. INTRODUCTION. An antenna is defined as a device or structure between.,,,,,"deviced, structure between"
,"In zoology, an antenna is defined as the long appendage, usually coming in pairs, on the head of an arthropod that is used to sense the environment.noun.",,,,,"zoology, long appendage, coming in pairs, head of arthropod"
,An antenna is an electrical component that is needed to transmit and receive electromagnetic energy from the space surrounding it in order to establish a...,,,,,"electrical component, transmit, receive, electromagnetic energy"
,An antenna is an electromagnetic device that collects or emits radio waves. It consists of material that conducts electricity arranged in such a way that it is in tune...,,,,,"electromagnetic device, emits, radio waves, conducts electricity"
,"An antenna is an arrangement such that at some distance away from the antenna (the far field) these two fields are mutually perpendicular and in phase, and...",,,,,"arrangment, distance away, two fields, mutually perpendicular"
,Introduction. An antenna is an electrical conductor or system of conductors o Transmission - radiates electromagnetic energy into space o Reception - collects...,,,,,"electrical conductor, system of conductors, electromagnetic"
,Antennas and Propagation An antenna is an electrical conductor or system of conductors Transmission - radiates electromagnetic energy into space Reception...,,,,,"electrical conductor, system of conductors, electromagnetic"
,"An antenna is an antenna is an antenna. When it comes to OTA antennas, HDTV is just a buzz word. That's not to say there aren't differences...",,,,,
,"An antenna is an antenna. There really is no such thing as an ""HD"" or ""Digital"" antenna. When people talk about HD antennas they just mean...",,,,,
,"Physically, an antenna is an arrangement of one or more conductors, usually called elements in this context. In transmission, an alternating current is created in...",,,,,"arrangement, conductors, called elements,transmission, current"
,An antenna is an integral component of a radio communications system. Signal officers must understand how radio antennas function. Planners and operators...,,,,,"integral component, radio, communications system, signal"
,"Physically, an antenna is an arrangement of conductors that generate a radiating electromagnetic field in response to an applied alternating voltage and the...",,,,,"arrangement, conductors, radiating, electromagnetic field"
,"An antenna is an electrical device designed to transmit or receive radio waves or, more generally, any electromagnetic waves. Antennas are used in systems...",,,,,"electrical device, transmit, receive, radio waves, systems"
,"For neighbors, however, the antenna is an eyesore. ""A nice residential neighborhood now looks like a commercial cell tower zone,"" said Derek...",,,,,"eyesore, neighbors, "
,The radio used is a Datron PRC-1099A HF SSB manpack transceiver. The antenna is an Eyring ELPA (Eyring Low Profile Antenna... KD2AGJ uploaded a video.,,,,,Eyring ELPA
,"P: 2,292. An antenna is an antenna because in provides a conductive path for electrons to wiggle back and forth. This effect emits radio waves,...",,,,,"because, conductive path, electrons, emits, radio waves"
,An antenna is an electrical device that sends or receives radio or television signals through use of electromagnetic... Different Types of Antennas. Different Types...,,,,,"electrical device, sends, receives, radio o television signals"
,"So, just what is an antenna? Technically speaking, an antenna is an impedance matching transformer. It matches the low impedance of a transmitter or receiver...",,,,,"technically, impedance, matching transformer, "
,"So called 'digital antennas' advertised to pick up HDTV, FM and the like are overpriced fallacies. An antenna is an antenna is an antenna.",,,,,"digital antennas, is an antenna"
,"But for the most part, in my experience, an antenna is an antenna despite the fancy buzz words they put on the boxes in the electronics department. Regardless...",,,,,"an antenna, despite, fancy buzz, "
,"An antenna is an amplifier in a sense. It is the antenna that catches the signal from the air, much like a sail of a ship catches the wind. Any piece...",,,,,"amplifier in a sense, catches, signal, air, "
,The antenna is an omni- directional vertical about. 20 feet above ground. The repeater is a GE. MVP running about 40 watts output. The duplexers are Sinclair...,,,,,"omni-directional vertical, "
,"(Plus the flag can flap due to no air resistence, the antenna is an antenna only and not a wire holding the astronaut up, and there are no stars due to the short...",,,,,wire holding
,"The antenna is an aromatic ring which absorbs light and transmits its energy to the metal, and the switch is a benzene derivative with a different HOMO level.",,,,,"aromatic ring, absorbs light, transmits energy, "
,An antenna is any device that converts electronic signals to electromagnetic waves (and vice versa) effectively with minimum loss of signals as shown in. Fig.1.,,,,,"device, converts, electronic signals, electromagnetic waves, "
,An antenna is any piece of metal that responds to incoming electromagnetic signals and generates electrical signals in response and can also...,,,,,"piece of metal, responds, electromagnetic signals, generates"
,"An antenna is any conductor of electricity which inductively converts radio waves into voltage, usually grabbing signals in the microvolt range,...",,,,,"conductor of electricity, inductively, radio waves, voltage"
,An antenna is any device that converts electronic signals to electromagnetic waves (and vice versa) efficiently with least amount of loss of signals [1].,,,,,"device, converts, electronic signals, electromagnetic waves, "
,An antenna is any device that converts electronic Signals to electromagnetic waves (and vice versa) Effectively with minimum loss of signals [1]. B.radiation...,,,,,"device, converts, electronic signals, electromagnetic waves, "
,"An antenna is any fixture or apparatus located outdoors, which is designed or utilized to transmit or receive radio, microwave, television, or...",,,,,"fixture, apparatus, outdoors, transmit, receive, radio, microwave, "
,"[0019] As is known in the art, an antenna is any conducting mass that functions as a receiver or collector of electromagnetic energy. Additionally...",,,,,"conduting, receiver, collector, electromagnetic energy, "
,"An antenna is any structure or device used to collect or radiate electromagnetic waves. In some sense the first antenna dates from 1887, when...",,,,,"structure, device, to collect, radiate, electromagnetic waves, "
,Antenna: An antenna is any structure or device that is used to collect or radiate electromagnetic waves. Antennas convert radio frequency...,,,,,"structure, device, collect, radiate, electromagnetic waves"
,"An antenna is any subsystem for converting radiated electromagnetic energy into conducted wire electro- magnetic energy. Or vice versa. As a transmitter, if your...",,,,,"subsystem, converting, radiated, electromagnetic energy, "
,"An antenna is any structure or device used to collect or radiate electromagnetic, acoustic, magnetic and/or seismic energy. System 10 further...",,,,,"structure, device, to collect, radiate, electromagnetic, acoustic,"
,"In the common idiom, an antenna is any remote sensing device, such as the antennae of some insects or marine creatures. In such a...",,,,,"remote sensing device, insects, marine creatures, "
,"The antenna is characterized by a loop having a pair of separated gaps, one of which is a feed gap and the other an impedance termination gap for operating as...",,,,,"loop, separate gaps, feed gap."
,The antenna is characterized by its radiation mechanism where both the traveling and reflected currents contribute to the radiation of the same rotational sense...,,,,,radiarion mechanism
,... dipolar-type radiation has been presented in a dual-port configuration for applications using a switching mechanism. The antenna is characterized by small di-.,,,,,
,"I. INTRODUCTION. The antenna is characterized by a number of parameters such as gain, bandwidth, efficiency, input impedance, radiation pattern, beamwidth,...",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by a frequency f = 76 MHz and a poloidal wave number, ky = 0 m. 1 indicating no net input of poloidal momentum by the waves.",,,,,
,The antenna is characterized by compact design and low weight. It is therefore ideal for use in mobile systems and environments where space is at a premium.,,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by an extremely homogeneous read zone, which is emitted by the high front to back ratio. Therefore it is suitable for static detection...",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by an extremely homogeneous read zone, which is emitted by the high front to back ratio. Therefore it is suitable for static detection...",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by its compactness and light weight, while still maintaining the electrical and environmental characteristics required. The vehicle...",,,,,
,"Circuit (ASIC) chip. The antenna is characterized by a simple and robust design, which results in low-cost realization. Keywords Radio Frequency Identification,...",,,,,
,The antenna is a vertical polarized omnidirectional antenna enclosed within a radome. The antenna is characterized by its compactness and is.,,,,,
,a vertical polarized omnidirectional antenna enclosed within a radome. The antenna is characterized by its compactness and is extremely.,,,,,
,"In the above expression, Pr denotes the received signal strength, while Pt represents the transmitted signal power. The antenna is characterized by its transmit.",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by its compactness and light weight, while still maintaining the electrical and environmental characteristics.",,,,,
,The antenna is characterized by its compactness and is extremely lightweight while still maintaining the electrical and environmental characteristics required by...,,,,,
,The antenna is characterized by its resonant frequency and its Q factor. The resonant fre- quency fo is the operating frequency of the ID system. This frequency is...,,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by an actuator comprising an elastomeric member of an annular configuration, an annular array of uniformly spaced antenna ribs...",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by measuring radiation pattern, directivity, return loss and gain. The antenna operates in broad frequency bands from 4 GHz to 6...",,,,,
,"An antenna is characterized by many parameters which determine its properties. In practice, the most commonly measured parameters of...",,,,,
,wardly and circularly thus providing a large spacing between arms. The antenna is characterized by a broad bandwidth and low VSWR.,,,,,
,"First, the antenna is characterized by its transfer function, and this is related to the physica1,spacings of the array. Then the noise and un- certainty associated...",,,,,
,"An antenna is characterized by its gain and radiation pattern. For human exposure assessment, it can give an overestimate of compliance distance in front of the...",,,,,
,"The radiometer optics or, more simply, the antenna is characterized by the radiation pattern. F(, ). If the antenna is considered as an emitter, F(, ) describes...",,,,,
,"The antenna is characterized by a frequency f. 76 MHz and a poloidal wave number, ky. 0 m 1 indicat- ing no net input of poloidal momentum by the waves. The.",,,,,
,"An antenna described as omni-directional implies an antenna that radiates equally in all directions. However, although some antennas are...",,,,,
,The antenna known as a directional antenna which is supported by rectangular waveguide. The horn antenna is purposely chosen to design in order to increase...,,,,,
