,Inside this issue. The Change is a consTanT. NEW ZEALAND. MEDICAL ASSOCIATION. PO Box 156. Wellington. Phone 04 472 4741. Fax 04 471 0838.
,"The change is a consequence of the wavelength dependent loss which is inflicted by the polarizer. In two set-ups described, tunining and a comb-like spectrum..."
,Leading through Courage. The Change is a global network of young people dedicated to developing leadership for an ethical and sustainable future. We run...
,a change is a-comin'! scaffolding went up today so we can take down rose ii by isa genzken and start installing the exterior works that are part...
,The change is a clear advantage over the old way. The change is compatible with the existing mission and values of the organization. The change is easily...
,"A change is defined as one of the following events: Changing the time, date and/or the destination of a reservation. Changing a name on a reservation. UFlex is..."
,"In the first instance, known as the 'state-view', a change is defined as being thestate of a changing object when it is actually potentiallyF, for someF 1. In the..."
,"A change is defined as one of the following events: Changing the time, date and/or the destination of a reservation. Changing a name on a reservation. 2."
,"a change is defined as: object created, object deleted, object modified. thus, the audit log is an important tool for debugging and tracking changes to firewall..."
,"For purposes of this policy, a change is defined as anything that transforms, alters, or modifies the operating environment or standard operating procedures."
,A change is defined as (1) adding or dropping a class; (2) changing the number of credit hours in variable-hour courses; and (3) auditing a class instead of...
,The change is defined as the trend (C yr-1) multiplied by length of segment. Range of analysis is 1880-2010. The top panel is for western...
,am to 3 pm. b The change is defined as the control case value minus the base case value. The percent change is the. Change divided by the 2007 Base Case.
,Step 4. Make your revisions until you're satisfied (First three changes are free. A change is defined as changing one detail - one time).
,"Jobs 1 - 10 of 1365 ... A change is defined as anything that transforms, alters or modifies the operating environment or standard operating procedures that have..."
,A: A change is defined as anything not completely specified in the requirements specification and proposal. Q: What electronic QA procedures does Hetech have...
,"the purposes of this policy, a change is defined as any alteration to software, hardware, or other aspect of the data processing environment and its attached..."
,A change is defined as switching to another camp within the same week or to another week of camp. If a change is requested between ten (10) and five (5)...
,"In most instances, the change is defined as major alterations, additions, new construction, demolition or relocation. Some communities have binding review over..."
,"A change is defined as anythinghardware, software, system components, services, documents, or processesthat is deliberately introduced into the..."
,"A change is defined as an event, such as a trade, announcement, bid or offer on the market. It is possible for the timestamp to update without a change to the..."
,"a change is defined as, any alteration in the state of a defined configuration item. this includes the addition, modification or removal of..."
,"A change is defined as between 2 vehicles, and excludes walk links. For example, a journey that is returned as walk, bus, walk, bus and then walk, would count..."
,"In the first instance, known as the state-view, a change is defined as being thestate of a changing object when it is actually potentiallyF, for someF 1."
,The change is an overall disaster. Idea Options. Subscribe to RSS Feed; Mark as New; Mark as Read; Bookmark; Subscribe; Email to a Friend...
,"For key registration, the change is any change to the data object. For continuous queries, the change is any change to the query result set for..."
,"A change is any modification in the virtual environment. For example, installing a new service is a change. Incoming Dependency. When a virtual machine or a..."
,"A change is any change in the virtual environment. For example, installing a service is a change. A change in the virtual environment takes effect only after..."
,A. A change is any modification that could have a potential impact on clients and/or significant impact on the stability and reliability of the production ITS...
,"(2) A change is any alteration within the scope of the contract. Changes can be made in the specifications, drawings, designs, method of packing or shipment,..."
,A change is any alteration to the original construction contract. Change orders are negotiated agreements with the contractor that affect the cost...
,A change is any alteration to the current agreed scope of a project. Change management allows for the introduction of new technologies and standards as the...
,"Typically, a change is any task or action that can alter the organization's IT production environment. Step 1: Initiation A change inquiry may be..."
,Stated differently; a change is any modification to the contractual guidance provided to the contractor by the owner or owner's representative. 2. Literature...
,A change is any change made to an operative plan while a change made to a proposed plan is a variation. While the majority of the Wairau/Awatere Resource...
,"Change: A change is any event that results in a modification of the project work, schedule or cost. Owners and designers frequently initiate..."
,"A change is any variation in the coordinates of system. We can say that- A CLEARLY DEFINED ""CHANGE""( in terms of thermodynamics) IS A..."
,A. Change Rules: A change is any modification made to an existing reservation such as adding days; removing days; or switching resources within the same...
,"A change is any modification in the virtual environment. For example, installing a new service is a change. Incoming Dependency. When a virtual machine or a..."
,"A change is any modification to the Smalltalk system. These modifications include adding, modifying, or removing classes and/or methods. Changes also..."
,A change is any alteration to a service or service component that may have an impact on the quality of service delivered to the customers of that...
,"In a drawing, a change is any action; for example, changing a dimension, creating a new view, or inserting an annotation. These temporary files..."
,"A change is any change in the virtual environment. For example, installing a service is a change. Incoming Dependency. When a virtual machine or a service..."
,"The change is characterized by increase in Vc and AUC, extension of t1/2alpha and t1/2beta, decrease in CLs during shock phase and obvious increase of CLs..."
,"With PET, the change is characterized by a positive temperature coefficient and with PP by a negative temperature coefficient. There are also..."
,The change is characterized by a shift from the predominance of infectious diseases and pandemics to more chronic or degenerative and lifestyle diseases.
,The change is characterized by the excretion of appreciable quantities of glucose into the urine at blood sugar levels below those required to saturate the tubular...
,o The change is characterized by a time constant ( = RC for a simple series RC circuit with resistance R and capacitance C) o A simple rule of thumb: when...
,"The change is characterized by changes in the eigen parameters such as natural frequency, damping values and the mode shapes associated with each natural..."
,"The change is characterized by increased courage to adopt new technology solutions (service oriented computing, cloud computing and business process..."
,The change is characterized by the forma- tion of homogeneous masses that conform in size and shape to the superficialprickle cells and are capable of taking a...
,"The change is characterized by increased courage to adopt new technology solutions (service oriented computing, cloud computing and business process..."
,The change is characterized by a transition from a technocratic approach to an approach with more intense cooperation and public participation. We analyze the...
,"China, the change is characterized by the replacement of subtropical humid (Cr) by subtropical winter-dry (Cw). A pronounced decrease of the..."
,The change is characterized by multifocal or diffuse hyperplasia of the alveoli with or without ductal dilation and increased secretory material in the ducts and/or...
,"The change is characterized by her stifling of the sensitive aspects of her personality, those traditionally labeled feminine, in order to become an efficient and..."
,"The change is characterized by a change in model parameters i.e. model frequencies, model damping values and mode shapes associated..."
,"The change is characterized by changes in the eigen parameters that are natural frequency, damping values and the mode shapes associated with each natural."
,"The change is characterized by development of an immediate-type hypersensitivity response followed by a late reaction, suggesting the functional changes in..."
,The change is characterized by the growth of shantytowns on its hills and the cloistering of the privileged in gated communities and...
,"The change is characterized by changes in the eigenparameters, i.e., natural frequency, damping values and the mode shapes associated with each natural..."
,"The change is characterized by change in modal parameters like modal frequencies, modal value and mode shapes associated with each modal frequency. It."
,"The change is characterized by a swing from bureaucratic regimentation. In the old version, Delphi emphasised convergence on some rather trite theme ; in the..."
,The change is characterized by an increase in absorbancy at 510-520 nm and has been generally attributed to carotenoid pigments but the relationship is not...
,"... causes a shift toward lower sedimentation constants for the heavier components present, a change considered as a dissociation of the heavier components."
,"therefore, a change of half a SD, a change considered as clinically significant in the literature (e.g. difference in physical and mental health..."
,"In the late Renaissance Judith changed considerably, a change described as a ""fall from grace""from an image of Mary she turns into a figure of Eve."
,"In one variant, stimuli that precede a loud noise can decrease the size of the subsequent startle response, a change described as prepulse inhibition (PPI)."
,"Its original aim was to replace the subsidies linked to the amount of food a farmer produced, a change described as ""decoupling""."
,"Microsatellites can be used to recognise alterations in chromosome copy number, a change described as loss of heterozygosity (LOH)."
,"Microscopically, a change described as foamy-cell accumulation was observed in many organs of animals of both sexes that received ABLP and in the kidneys..."
,"The change described as ""Fix page breaks bug"" apparently doesn't just fix the long paragraph bug. As far as I can determine it completely..."
,"In some cases, a change defined as restrictive for example, when a state adds a language and country knowledge test may be put into place to complement..."
,"neurobiological matter, a change defined as a move towards a state of greater abstraction. The materiality of the brain and nervous system, particularly by the..."
,"... then we shall present the real point-in-history change which the Elite seem to have planned for December 21, 2012, a change known as the ""Paradigm Shift""."
,"prostate gland cells, a change known as prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia (PIN). About half of all men have PIN by the age of 50.1. Prevalence. Prostate cancer..."
,"... then we shall present the real point-in-history change which the Elite seem to have planned for December 21, 2012, a change known as the ""Paradigm Shift""."
,A. A change identified as (b)(4) was made to the design of (b)(4) to use (b)(4). The procedures for making this change (Product Development...
,"Instead, a change identified as autonomic may have been more justified if LF/HF was also affected by dobutamine. Similarly, a limitation of this study is that we..."
,"Note: Depending on how you use the interface, a change identified as incompatible may actually be upwardly compatible for you. Cross-References to Other..."
,"measurements in both groups was statistically insignificant. Similarly, the change understood as a difference found between the measurements was not material."
,"Change Is the Only Constant is the first EP by pop punk band A Change of Pace, released in 2003. Track listing[edit]. ""Queen of Hearts"" 4:35; ""Chippie"" 3:01..."
,"Tech: Change is the Constant, Presented by Microsoft. Monday, October 8, 2012 5:00PM - 6:30PM. About this Talk. Innovation in technology changes by the..."
,Quotation #39840 from Classic Quotes: Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. John F. Kennedy
,Change is a muscle that develops to abundantly enjoy the dynamics of the life set before us. Change calls own strength beyond anyone of us. Change pushes...
