,"A contact is defined as 'minimally frustrated' if its native energy is at the lower ... If the native energy is in between these limits, the contact is defined as 'neutral'."
,The contact is defined as a distance of 3.5 Angstroms or less between any pair of protons or heavy atoms of the contacting residues. The output list is divided...
,A contact is defined as any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's relatives or legal guardian(s) during which time any dialogue in excess...
,"A contact is defined as an interaction between two individuals involving some form of close physical contact e.g. hand shaking, kissing or embracing, and a..."
,A contact is defined as an activity performed by a Blind. Children's Specialist with the client or with another person or organization on behalf of the client to...
,"n""; print ""IMPORTANT: A contact is defined as any native pair listed in $CONTFILE that is withing $CUTOFF times the distance in $CONTFILE ""..."
,"A contact is defined as any members of the case's household or other individuals who had direct contact with the case's saliva or oral/nasal secretions,..."
,"n""; print ""IMPORTANT: A contact is defined as any native pair listed in $CONTFILE that is withing $CUTOFF times the distance given in..."
,"A contact is defined as 'minimally frustrated' (drawn green), if its native ... limits, the contact is defined as 'neutral' (drawn grey or not shown)."
,A contact is defined as any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent or legal guardians during which time any...
,A contact is defined as two atoms who's Van der Waals surfaces come within X Angstrom. You will be prompted for X. If the appropriate parameter has been set...
,"First, a contact is defined as the tuple: firstName, lastName, phoneNumber and email. You will create a class Contact that allows getting and..."
,"This is for working 20 contacts on any satellite. A contact is defined as one with a station in another state, DXCC country or Canadian call area."
,"A contact is defined as a written warning, an issued citation, a field interview card or an issued city ordinance violation other than for traffic."
,A contact is defined as the 50 to 60 minute period devoted to the education and learning effort. Fractional points are not recognized; that is a standalone...
,"A contact is defined as any person at the same institution (such as a school or child care facility) or with household, work or social contact with..."
,A contact is defined as any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent/legal guardian with dialogue in excess of a greeting. Cal State...
,A contact is defined as any face-to-face encounter between a PSA or the prospect's parent or legal guardians and a Pfeiffer staff member or athletics...
,"3 for the purposes of air travel, a contact is defined as: . passengers sitting in the same seat row or within at least 2 rows in front or behind the..."
,A contact is defined as any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's relatives or legal guardian(s) during which time any dialogue in excess...
,The free energy of a conformation is defined as the negative number of non-consecutive hydrophobic- hydrophobic contacts. A contact is defined as two non-.
,A contact is defined as a person named by an infected person as having been an unsafe sex partner/needle share partner of that infected person. If sufficient...
,"A contact is defined as a student, teacher, client, staff, etc. If there are several different types of contacts being tracked by one agency, some thought should be."
,A contact is defined as being formed when the pair distance is less than or equal to 1.2 times the native contact distance. The calculation of b involves the five...
,"A contact is defined as when two or more individuals come within one meter of each other. The collars will also record the date and time contact was initiated, the..."
,"A contact is defined as a protein heavy atom that lies within 4.5 A of any ligand heavy atom. The DAIM selection, based only on the. 2D-structure of the ligand,..."
,"If imeq 180 and imeq 90, the contact is defined as type II (Ramasubbu et al. 1986). For the title compound the respective values amount to 1(C1Br1Br2)..."
,A contact is an individual or an individual in an company or organisation. Contacts may ... You can leave this blank if the contact is an organisation. You could...
,How do I remove a contact from my contacts list in the windows 8 version of skype? The contact is an old skpe name that is not used anymore.
,"(a) A contact is an inquiry if the individual is only requesting general information regarding OLTL Waivers or Waiver services or in-home services generally, but is..."
,"10 hours ago ... The contact is an @microsoft.com address who is no longer at Microsoft. Right-clicked on contact, selected Remove from Contact List,..."
,"What is a contact? A contact is an email address found within one of your connected apps. What if I go over the 25,000 contacts limit? If you go over 25,000..."
,"A contact is an optical medical device, primarily used to correct myopia, hyperopia, astigmatism and reading problems. In these conditions, light is not focused..."
,"A contact is an optical medical device, primarily used to correct myopia, hyperopia, astigmatism and reading problems. In these conditions, light is not focused..."
,"A Contact is an Actor with contact information, which, in this case, is a single phone number. A US phone number can easily be validated with a..."
,"A contact is an email address, linked to whatever data is entered at creation time. These data can be extended at anytime by the user (to add..."
,"By definition, a contact is an agreement between two or more parties that meets certain criteria. For an agreement to be a contract, one party must make an offer,..."
,"The contact is an infraction of page 14, rule 33, of the 2014-2015 Oswego Speedway rulebook stating: Any driver deemed to be rough riding,..."
,The contact is an English Heritage member of staff except for grade II buildings in London where a local authority contact is given (indicated by 'LPA' after the...
,A contact is an account for which this wallet does not have the private key. If account_name is globally registered then this call will assume it is...
,"A Contact is an individual in one of your Lists. File. A File is a file (or image) and its metadata. Once uploaded, Files are contained in File Folders. Folder."
,"The contact is an unconformity with a time gap of about 50 million years. Elsewhere in the country, the whole of the Chalk was deposited in this time gap."
,A Contact is an individual whose information the Subscriber has added to Subscriber's account so that the individual may receive Push 5 alerts initiated by the...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect {parent(s), legal guardian(s), relative(s)} and a coach that goes beyond an exchange of a greeting."
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospective student-athlete or the prospective student-athlete's relatives or legal guardian(s)...
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent or legal guardian and an institutional staff member during...
,"A contact is any phone call, email, or web-based tour request. For the sake of simplicity, the data shown below is only for web-based tour..."
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents/guardians and an institutional staff member or athletics representative...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospective student-athlete (PSA) or the PSA's parents, relatives or legal guardians and an institutional staff..."
,A contact is any user with whom you have interacted via Buxfer. Users with whom you share transactions and groups automatically become your contacts.
,"Contact (Bylaw 13.02.2) A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospective student athlete or the prospective student-athlete's relatives,."
,A contact is any face-to-face meeting between you (or your parents or relatives) and college coach that includes any conversation other than hello. If a college...
,"Contact: A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospective student-athlete or the prospective student-athlete's parents, relatives or legal guardians..."
,Contact. A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's relatives or legal guardian(s) and an institutional staff member or athletics...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents, relatives or legal guardian(s) and an institutional staff member or athletics..."
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent/legal guardian and a Dowling College staff member or...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect {parent(s), legal guardian(s), relative(s)} and a coach that goes beyond an exchange of a greeting."
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's relatives or legal guardians and a college coach during which any dialogue occurs...
,A contact is any other contact from the public or other professionals. Our current database does not clearly distinguish between referrals and...
,onCourse contact types. A contact is any person or organisation your business works with in relation to running classes. There are three categories of contact in...
,"As you learned earlier, a contact is any individual with whom your organization conducts business. Depending on your organization type, a contact may be a:."
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents, relatives or legal guardians and an institutional staff..."
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents, relatives or legal guardian(s) and a Maryville University..."
,A: A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and a University staff member or...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect, or the prospect's parent or legal guardian, and an institutional staff member or..."
,"Contact: A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect, or the prospect's parent or legal guardian, and an institutional staff member or athletics..."
,"First, a contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents, relatives or legal guardian(s) and an institutional staff member or..."
,Contact: A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent or legal guardian and an institutional staff member...
,A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents/guardians and an institutional staff member or athletics...
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parents, relatives or legal guardian(s) and an institutional staff member or athletics..."
,"A contact is any face-to-face encounter between a prospect or the prospect's parent or legal guardian, and an institutional staff member or..."
,A contact is any person who has been close enough to an infected person to be at risk of having acquired the infection from that person.
,"The contact is characterized by a null valence-band offset, a large conduction-band offset, and a chemically graded interface. By applying."
,"In the eastern edge, the contact is characterized by assimilation, presence of metasedimentary small xenoliths and injections of granitic material. In the latter..."
,"The contact is characterized by the apparent height of the contact point in STM images and, in case of the Cu(111) substrate, by the..."
,"The contact is characterized by the presence of amphibole-rich rocks that formed by retrogression from eclogite. Directly at the contact to the gneiss, the rock has..."
,"A contact is characterized by these parameters: upper strand, lower strand, parallel (or not), the offset (relative shift of the strands). The score E..."
,"When no pretension is used, the contact is characterized by a sequence of short duration contacts. The strands of the pretensioned chain vibrate with higher..."
,"The contact is characterized by its critical current I0 ({i}), typically a few tens of nA. It is placed in series with a microfabricated resistor r and."
,our study area and represents a well-defined and sharp boundary (Fig. 4). The contact is characterized by an onlap geometry where the Isidis exterior plains are.
,"In the northeastern corner of the Park, the contact is characterized by a xenolith zone some hundreds of feet in thickness. Well-exposed along..."
,"towards Vilnesviken, the contact is characterized by a zone of interfolded augen gneiss, amphibolites and meta- psammites in contact with the chiorite mica..."
,"The contact is characterized by the friction coefficient, therefore a parametric study was performed to view the effect of this coefficient on El-Izdihar dam behavior."
,"When in contact with the tantalum zones, the contact is characterized by increased tantalum content. Pollucite Zone This is the zone where cesium is recovered..."
,"The contact is characterized by the contact radius a and the indentation . For convenience, we use the normal- ized JKRS model represented..."
,"The contact is characterized by an S-matrix. [19]. Each S-matrix component is a 2 2 spin matrix, which for a fixed quantization axis for spin, z,..."
,"A contact is characterized by an integer number. Di erent contacts might be characterized by the same number, including if they belong to the..."
,The contact is characterized by a jump in conductance to G ~G0. The conductance stays constant around this value for the whole time of the pulling up of the...
,"towards Vilnesviken, the contact is characterized by a zone of interfolded augen gneiss, amphibolites and meta psammites in contact with the chlorite mica schist..."
,The contact is characterized by a pair of cooperating cantilever spring ?ngers each of which are provided with a projecting button or knob.
,The contact is characterized by relatively higher transmissivity than the adjacent clays. The Eagle. Ford Group is not considered a signicant source of ground.
,"folding is marked by a syncline (Fig. 3b); on the eastern half of the intrusion, the contact is characterized by vertical faults and is marked morphologically by a cliff."
,"The contact described as feeling similar to a mild electric shock. Of the reported serious sting reactions in South Australia, the Jack Jumpers ant..."
,"Salado Formation, the contact defined as the upper limit of massive salt. (Jones, 1959; Adams, 1969). Anhydrite, gypsum, halite, and dolomite are the dominant..."
,"... at newcaprice. com/forum. Ebay Australia sells the part, but sometimes do not post overseas. A contact known as Crazy Paul will be able to help here. Cheers."
,A contact identified as corporation enemy but not in wardec. The term does not necessarily imply direction or authority to engage. Red solid...
,"For example, a contact identified as a key decision maker will receive different touches than a contact identified as a design engineer. Marketing will have..."
,Hostile: A contact identified as enemy upon which clearance to fire is authorized in accordance with theater rules of engagement. Hot. Attack geometry will result...
,"Joint: perform an in-place 180 degree turn. HOSTILE, A contact identified as enemy upon which clearance to fire is authorized IAW theater rules of engagement."
,A contact identified as enemy upon which clearance to fire is authorized in accordance with theater rules of engagement. NOTE: The above use...
,"HOSTILE, A contact identified as enemy upon which clearance to fire is authorized in accordance with theater rules of engagement. HOT, 1. Attack geometry will..."
,"(In the crystals of PSAO at pH 5, the contact identified as a hydrogen bond is in fact likely to be an electrostatic (Lys296)NH3+O(TPQ) interaction.) Thus, it is..."
,The contact identified as T is a thermostat that senses the temperature of the chilled-water return. Its function is to start the condenser water pump when this...
,A contact identified as enemy upon which clearance to fire is authorized in accordance with theater rules of engagement. NOTE: THE ABOVE USE OF HOSTILE...
,"High level processing, contact classification. In the case of human-robot cooperation, the class of control contacts is relevant. A contact identified as a control or."
,"at pH ~5, the contact identified as a hydrogen bond is in fact likely to be an electrostatic (Lys296)NH3. +.....O(TPQ) interaction.) Thus, it is possible that the..."
,Contact is the answer / is the reason that everything happens! ... I know I saw that story somewhere and Contact is the place that seems most...
,"Contact is a photo lab that offers custom post-production, darkroom, and digital services."
,"Contact is a 1997 film about a scientist, after years of searching, finds conclusive radio proof of intelligent aliens, who send plans for a mysterious machine."
