,"A corpus is a collection of pieces of language text in electronic form, selected according to external criteria to represent, as far as possible, a language or..."
,"A corpus is a collection of texts of written (or spoken) language presented in ... Because the corpus is a collection of texts, there are not two billion different..."
,"language in use through corpora (singular: corpus). A corpus is a large, principled collection of naturally occurring examples of language stored electronically."
,"A corpus is a collection of naturally-occurring language text, chosen to characterize a state or variety of a language. (Sinclair, Corpus, Concordance, Collocation,..."
,"A corpus is a remarkable thing, not so much because it is a collection of language text, but because of the properties that it acquires if it is well-designed and..."
,"The corpus is a Merchant Cult, built on the foundation of salvaged technology and Robotics. They scavenge the outer systems, greedy for the Old War salvage."
,"A corpus is a body of text assembled according to explicit design criteria (see Section 7 below) for a specific purpose, and therefore the rich..."
,"A corpus is a collection of texts, written or spoken, usually stored in a computer database. A corpus may be quite small, for example, containing only 50,000."
,"A corpus is a collection of text documents, and corpora is the plural of corpus. So a custom corpus is really just a bunch of text files in a directory, often alongside..."
,"A corpus is a collection of texts, written or spoken, which is stored on a computer. In the past the term was more associated with a body of work, for example all of..."
,"To be defined in modern linguistics, a corpus is a body of naturally happening language (McEnery, Xiao and Tono, 2006). Leech (1992) as a leading figure in..."
,"As a collection of attested language data, a corpus is a good resource for test writers as it can provide abundant authentic stems. References. Aijmer, K. (2009)..."
,A corpus is a collection of pieces of language that are selected and ordered according to explicit linguistic criteria in order to be used as a sample of the...
,"According to scholars, a corpus is a collection of linguistic items that are selected and ordered according to some explicit linguistic criteria defined by the users in..."
,a) A corpus is a collection of pieces of language that are selected and ordered according to explicit linguistic criteria in order to be used as a sample of.
,"A corpus is a large computer-held collection of texts. (spoken, written or both) collected together to stand as a representative sample or some part of it. Corpora..."
,"A corpus is a collection of pieces of language text in electronic form, selected according to external criteria to represent, as far as possible, a language or..."
,"A corpus is a large collection of written or spoken texts, held as a database that can be searched to show all the instances of a particular word and the contexts in..."
,"A corpus is a collection of texts. More specifically, in the words of Sinclair, it is ""a collection of naturally-occurring language text, chosen to characterize a state or..."
,"A corpus is a collection of pieces of language text in electronic form, selected according to external criteria to represent, as far as possible, a language or..."
,"A corpus is a collection of pieces of language text in electronic form, selected according to external criteria to represent, as far as possible, a language or."
,"A corpus is a snapshot of the language at a specific time. ... Unless the corpus is a monitor corpus, the sampling will inevitably mean that we're restricted to a..."
,Corpora show us the facts of the language. Madrid 2010. 3. What is a corpus? a corpus is a collection of texts. when viewed as an object of language research.
,"The corpus is a fundamental tool for any type of research on language. ...... The basic lexicographic tool for analyzing a corpus is a concordancer, a program that."
,A corpus is a collection of pieces of language that are selected and ordered according to explicit linguistic criteria in order to be used as a sample of the...
,"A corpus is a large collection of language data either in written form or ... Constructing a corpus is a challenging task, particularly when the electronic documents."
,"A corpus is a collection of computerized linguistic data that provides a useful way to discover the frequency of word and phrase usage. Using corpus in this way,..."
,"in the eagles recommendations on corpus typology (eagles, 1996e), a corpus is defined as: corpus: a collection of pieces of language that are selected and..."
,"The corpus is defined as that amount originally gifted to the Foundation by a donor, and excludes any interest, dividends, or appreciation of the originally gifted..."
,"A corpus is defined as a collection of texts that acts as a tool, which represents a given language that can be used for linguistic analysis as..."
,"a corpus is defined as, ""a collection of naturally-occurring language text, chosen to characterize a state or variety of a language"" (sinclair, 1991a: 171). the use..."
,"A corpus is defined as a large and principled collection of naturalised. [computerised] texts in spoken or written form (after Biber et al. 1998: 4), which is..."
,"A corpus is defined as a large body of electronically stored data (Baker 2006:1). In this study, the editorials from the two newspapers form the main corpora..."
,"The corpus is defined as an ideal-type (Weber, 1910/1995): it's a limited and autonomous frame to observe the common process of information production,..."
,"A corpus is defined as 'a computerYbased text or collection of texts' (Barlow, 2003) in machine-readable form. It is. 'any textYonly file, or set of textYonly files that..."
,"(1) A corpus is defined as 'a collection of naturally language texts in electronic form, often compiled by according to specific design criteria and typically..."
,"A corpus is defined as a sample of texts which may be considered representative of the population of texts which it intends to represent. For example, Moreno's..."
,"Here, the corpus is defined as a graph G = (N, E) with N nodes, each node representing a document and E edges. The edges represent the similarity among the..."
,"In linguistics, a corpus is defined as a ''large and structured set of texts used to do statistical analysis and hypothesis testing, checking..."
,"5In this context, a corpus is defined as a set of types (or word forms), each with a certain frequency. 6Measured in occurrences per one million tokens."
,"a corpus is defined as, collection of texts, written or spoken, which is stored on a computer. (o'keefe 1) corpora can tell us about word..."
,"A corpus is defined as a large collection of spoken and written texts, stored electronically and searchable by computer, organized by register and coded for..."
,"A corpus is defined as a database collection of authentic instances of language use from a wide variety of sources (Yoon & Hirvela, 2004). Such a corpus can..."
,"A corpus is defined as an on-line collection of text and speech. (Jurafsky and Martin 194), and an annotated corpus is simply a corpus that has been marked up..."
,"A corpus is an abstract concept, and there can exist several implementations in parallel. The default implementation is the so-called VCorpus..."
,"In essence, a corpus is an empirical standard, which acts as a benchmark for validation of usage of linguistic properties found in a language."
,"The corpus is an ""archive"" in that it contains the private papers of a single family. The man at the center of this seemingly well-to-do household was one..."
,"A corpus is an electronically held collection of written and spoken texts, and this corpus contains more than 2 billion words. However, just being frequent in the..."
,"The Corpus is an outstandingly important contribution to African historical studies, bringing together practically all the known Arabic sources, until about. 1500..."
,The corpus is an indispensable and unique collection of continuous free dialect speech. It helps us ascertain the real frequencies of certain...
,"The Corpus is an exhaustive collection of the inscriptions of a given ancient region. In compiling it, the principle of autopsy is crucial. Field trips are made to the..."
,"Additionally, in common computational informatics parlance, a corpus is an extensive body of documents or data which share a common thematic focus."
,"The corpus is an incrementally growing corpus of spoken language which presently consists of 1,26 million words from about 25 different social activities."
,"textba/dwds_textba.htm. The corpus is an opportunistic collection of newspaper data, literature, informative texts, scientific texts and spoken language from the..."
,"The corpus is an extension of the BioNLP-ST 2011 BI corpus derived from the LLL challenge corpus. For GRN, it has been expanded in order to cover more..."
,The corpus is an invaluable resource in Spoken and Nat- ural Language Processing. Consistent data sets have allowed for empirical evaluation of competing...
,"A corpus is an arbitrary sample of language, whereas a dictionary aims to be a systematic account of the lexicon of a language. Children learn language through..."
,"spoken Hebrew that reflects spoken interactions between children and adults. The corpus is an integral part of the CHILDES database, which."
,"The corpus is an integral part of the Bulgarian National Corpus. Language(s): Bulgarian. Type: written, monolingual, general. Size: 500 text samples distributed..."
,A corpus is an annotated database housed in a digital archive. Stylistics is an empirical methodology that applies linguistic theory to literature. Corpus stylistics...
,"A corpus is an annotated database housed in a digital archive. The works to be annotated for the 2013-2014 year are The Hobbit, The Lord of..."
,"A corpus is an electronic collection of sample texts which can then be processed by software, in this case the Oxford Wordsmith Tools (Scott 1996) package."
,"The corpus is an integral part of the CHILDES database, which distributes similar corpora for over. 25 languages. We introduce a dedicated transcription scheme..."
,"s (20022004). Vowel Harmony Calculator, henceforth VHCalc). The algorithm we use is given in (1)(5) below. A corpus is any list of words, using any notation."
,"A corpus is any set of linguistic materials relating to a language; it might consist of audio recordings, video recordings, transcriptions, field notes..."
,"Put simply, a corpus is any collection of texts. It is usually one that is large, structured and nowadays usually available electronically. Many corpora are enriched..."
,"A corpus is any large collection of texts that arise from natural language use; in a linguistic context, it is in contrast to other types of text that were invented."
,"A corpus is any complete and orderly collection. WSEAS TRANSACTIONS on. INFORMATION SCIENCE and APPLICATIONS. Giulio Concas, Filippo Eros Pani,..."
,"A corpus is any large collection of texts that arise from natural language use. The l/Volverhaniptm-z Corpus qf Written Business English (WEE, henceforth)."
,A corpus is any body of text cite. The definition used above is true if one presumes our research questions surround said body of text. It is perhaps more useful to...
,4. Results of the study: Business-related farming verbs in corpora and dictionaries. A corpus is any large collection of texts that arises from natural language use.
,"A corpus is any collection of documents a provider is willing to allow others to search, such as back issues of the Wall Street Journal,. Grolier's Encyclopedia, or..."
,"As far as MP 2.2 is concerned, a corpus is any text-only file, or set of text-only files, that can be loaded into the program for analysis. However, the results of an..."
,"In the broader sense of the word, a corpus is any finite collection of multiple documents. Depending on the context, the notion of what a corpus is may change a..."
,"A corpus is any collection of documents a provider is willing to allow others to search, such as back issues of the Wall Street Journal, Grolier's..."
,A corpus is any collection of speech recordings which is accessible in computer readable form which comes with annotation and documentation sufficient.
,propre collection d'enregistrements : A corpus is any collection of speech recordings which is accessible in computer readable form and which comes with...
,A corpus is any collection of speech recordings which is accessible in computer readable form and which comes with annotation and documentation sufficient...
,The corpus is characterized by spontaneity and various speaking styles during human communication. Three male and three female professional speakers were...
,"The corpus is characterized by the simplicity of the almost pure diatonic harmonized melodies. Often,. the melodies are divided into clear cut four measures..."
,The corpus is characterized by divisions in many planes. This adds volume to the stem as its derivatives enlarge. The actual number of tunica layers is not...
,"general, the corpus is characterized by naturalistic discourse. The learners in the corpus were tested upon arrival to the program, and all participants in the study..."
,"The corpus is characterized by the perseveration of quite extended narrative texts, that is extended linguistic sequences through which the patient is telling about..."
,A corpus considered as fully representative of the different types of emitted sounds was then extracted from the recording database. Current...
,"opened to multiple readings and interpretations, a corpus defined as a documentary record showing the events occurred in these virtual worlds. 4. Marco Cadioli..."
,"In particular, the corpus known as the Persian Martyr Acts, composed and set within the Sasanian Empire, is arguably the literature most proximate to the Bavli..."
,"The corpus known as the New Testament in the Christian tradition starts with the four Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke (collectively referred to as..."
,"Corpus is a virtual resonator or soundbox with a life of its own. Independent of Collision, you can use Corpus to add physical modeling characteristics to audio..."
