,"In the most basic terms, a database is defined as ""a collection of related data organized for convenient access, generally via a computer system."" When you think..."
,"A phone book is also a database usually organized alphabetically by surname. In computing, a database is defined as a structured collection of records or data."
,A database is defined as an organised collection of data items which may be accessed by a database management system. The database may consist of...
,"A database is defined as ""a collection of independent works, data or other materials arranged in a systematic or methodical way and individually accessible by..."
,"A database is defined as 'a. collection of independent works, data or other materials arranged in a. systematic or methodical way and individually accessible by."
,"A database is defined as a collection of independent works, data or other materials which: (a) are arranged in a systematic or methodical way; and (b) are..."
,... in sociological-related journals. A database is not limited to indexes. A database is defined as a collection of information regardless of what that information is.
,A database is defined as a collection of relations (or tables). Each of these relaions has a fixed set of attributes and stores data in the form of tuples (or rows) .
,The database is defined as a set of tables with rows and columns defining fields that comprise the stored information. SQL uses an. English language like syntax ...
,"A database is defined as a collection of information that is organised so that the required information can be quickly retrieved, amended if necessary, and then..."
,"A database is defined as an organized collection of information. Database contents can be easily accessed, updated and managed. Databases can be found in..."
,The idea behind is simple and elegant: a database is defined as a collection of relations in a strict logic sense. Because of its simple presentation and solid...
,"A database is defined as ""a collection of independent works, data, or other materials arranged in a systematic or methodical way and individually accessible by..."
,"A Database is defined as a file of records created by the Software during installation or through a Software utility, which is used exclusively to support the..."
,"... the database or databases. A Database is defined as a set of data that is required for a specific purpose or is fundamental to a system, project, or enterprise."
,"A database is defined as an original literary work if, and only if, by reason of the selection or arrangement of the contents of the database the..."
,"A database is an organized list of facts and information. Databases usually contain text and numbers, and frequently they hold still images, sounds and video or..."
,"A database is an application that manages data and allows fast storage and retrieval of that data. There are different types of database, including a modern..."
,A database is an organized collection of data. The data are typically organized to model relevant aspects of reality in a way that supports processes requiring...
,"In general, a database is an online collection of information that can be searched in some way. Article databases refer to online collections of citations,..."
,A database is an electronic rolodex that helps you organize your information in such a way that allows you to not only store that information...
,The solution to this complex interaction of data is to store the information in a database instead of in separate files. A database is an integrated collection of files.
,"A database is an collection of data organized in some way, but a data warehouse is organized specifically to ""facilitate reporting and analysis""."
,A database is an organized collection of interrelated data that serves a number of applications in an enterprise. The database stores not only the values of the...
,"What is a database? The simple answer to this question is: ""A database is an organised collection of information"". Databasics. You use databases all the time, ..."
,"A database is an organized collection of information treated as a unit. The purpose of a database is to collect, store, and retrieve related information for use by..."
,"A database is an organized collection of data. The data is typically organized to model relevant aspects of reality (for example, the availability of rooms in hotels), ..."
,"Otherwise, the database is an implementation detail that you really should leave out of the diagram. I think it is rarely necessary, if at all, to go..."
,"Answer 1.1 A database is an integrated collection of data, usually so large that it has to be stored on secondary storage devices such as disks or tapes. This data ..."
,"A database is an organized collection of records. Telephone and address books are examples of paper databases. With Access, you can create a computerized..."
,"In short, a database is an organized store of data wherein the data is accessible by named data elements. A Database Management System (DBMS) is a..."
,the Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Express Edition. The database is an optional part of a. Visual Studio installation (including express edition) and is also available...
,Database: A database is an organized collection of information. This information can be stored as a set of text files or spreadsheets as well as...
,"A database is an area within the database software that contains all the tables that make up this particular set of data. For instance, if you wanted to keep track of..."
,"A database is an organised, integrated collection of data items. The integration is important; data items relate to other data items, and groups of related data..."
,"A database is an integrated collection of data records, files, and other objects. DBMSs may use a variety of database models, such as the relational model..."
,"A database is an organized collection of information. Common examples of a database would be a telephone book, mailing list, recipe book, or a check book."
,"In most peoples' experience, a database is an instance, and an instance is a database. In many test environments, however, this is not the case..."
,"A database is an essential part of most websites and blogs, but setting up and using a database can be a daunting task for the beginner web..."
,"A database is an organized collection of facts and information, such as records on employees, inventory, customers, and potential customers. As these examples ..."
,"A database is an organized collection of data. The data is typically organized to model relevant aspects of reality (for example, the availability of rooms in hotels), ..."
,"The database is an intermediate link between the physical database, computer and the operating system and the users. To provide the various facilities to..."
,A database is an organized collection of data whose content must be quickly and easily. Accessed. Managed. Updated. A relational database is one...
,"In the Microsoft Access Object Library, a database is an object of type Database. Therefore, if you want to start an object associated with a database, you can..."
,Database development: the first steps;; Quality control issues;; Data entry considerations;. What is a database. A database is any organized collection of data.
,"A database is any collection of information organized so that it can be used efficiently. A telephone directory is a good example of a database. So is a dictionary,..."
,"File: N_drive:jhuclass1995db-fund.ppt. 1994, 1995 Robert Robbins. What is a Database? General: A database is any collection of related data. Restrictive:."
,A database is any logically coherent collection of data organized for storage and retrieval by computers. Databases provide a high level of structure for the...
,A database is any program or tool that staff currently use to collect and store agency information. It is very helpful to collect examples from staff of any:.
,A database is any collection of data that can be retrieved using organized search procedures. Many people today are hotshots on computers.
,A database is any collection of data or information that is specifically organised for rapid search and retrieval by a computer. Online databases frequently provide ...
,"A database is any repository for information. The term is often used interchangeably with the term, ""archive."" In this series of articles, these terms refer to..."
,A database is any organized searchable collection of information that is made up of related records. The examples of a database: a phone...
,"Database: A database is any organized collection of information. Examples of databases you may encounter in your daily life include the telephone book, T.V...."
,"A database is any collection of data, or information, that is specially organized for rapid search and retrieval by a computer. South High Library's..."
,"A database is any organized searchable collection of information that is made up of related records. In libraries, this usually means a..."
,"A database is any organized collection of information, available for retrieval, sorting, reporting, and updating. Database Management. System, or DBMS:."
,"A database is any organized collection of information, but is most commonly used if data is organized by computer. Typically computerized databases organize..."
,A database is any organized set of data that is readable by a computer. This may or may not use a formal database schema and may or may...
,A database is any repository of data. You can store your data wherever is appropriate for your application. SQL is a way to access this data...
,A database is any collection of information that is organized for rapid search and easy retrieval. Usually the term refers to computerized...
,"A database is any object that has a structure, information that fits into that structure, and a way to query information in the structure and retrieve subsets or full..."
,"A database is any collection of similar pieces of data. Relational databases specifically, can hold various pieces of information in separate sections, all related to..."
,"The database is any RDBMS. It could be SQL Server, or Oracle or any other RDBMS. This system is Application Server Independent, which means that this..."
,"A database is any collection of related items stored in com puter memory. The data in a database may be about club members , employee payroll , company..."
,"The database is any and all installed into our masochistic home offices in which we subjugate ourselves before the discipline of its records and fields, in an..."
,"The database is characterized by a large variability of the water content found on the melt inclusions from all startigraphic levels of the KPT deposits, probably..."
,"The database is characterized by buyers, sellers, locations and other demographic information with GIS mapping capability, which allows easy..."
,"In addition to its size, the database is characterized by standardized reporting of variables and inclusiveness with respect to mental health..."
,"The database is characterized by impair- ments such as variations in illumination, out-of-focus blur, sensor noise, specular reflections, partially occluded iris and."
,"The database is characterized by gender balanced speakers, contains read, spontaneous and in a small amount also telephone speech with 48 kHz sampling ..."
,The database is characterized by intervals whose duration ranges from 3 to 50 ms. Plasma current is an important parameter ruling QSH...
,"The database is characterized by an ethnic variety: 28 Asian, 8 black, 3 Latino and 62 white sub- jects with ages between 18 and 45 years [19, 20]. The BU..."
,"The database is characterized by its heterogeneity (fig. 3) with a panel of view angles as well as environ- ments and athletes (out/indoor, male,..."
,"sponsored projects. the first is NanoethicsBank, a database conceived as a resource for researchers, scholars, students, and members of the general public who..."
,The database considered as primary source for sequences concerning metagenomics and metatranscriptomics experiments context is the...
,The database described as being established in Turkey appears to be a working updatable complement to the publication in traditional paper format. Integrating...
,"socket: /tmp/mysql.sock. # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake""."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake""."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"password: host: localhost. # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake ""."
,... ruby password: PW4ruby # Warning: The database defined as 'test' will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run 'rake'.
,Warning: The database defined as 'test' will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run 'rake'. # Do not set this db to the...
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set this db to the..."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"... password: encoding: utf8 # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"" ."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"... socket: /tmp/memsql.sock # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"" ."
,"1 day ago ... Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". # Do not set..."
,"... 1234 encoding: utf8 # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake""."
,"Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and. re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake"". Do not set this..."
,"... pool: 5 timeout: 5000 # Warning: The database defined as ""test"" will be erased and # re-generated from your development database when you run ""rake""."
,... 5000 # Warning: The database defined as 'test' will be erased and # re- generated from your development database when you run 'rake'.
