,"A disaster is a sudden, calamitous event that seriously disrupts the functioning of a community or society and causes human, material, and economic or...",,,,,"sudden event, disrupts, causes, calamitous"
,"A disaster is a situation in which your needs exceed your resources. Wildfires, earthquakes, floods, and hurricanes are all specific types of disasters (known as...",,,,,"situation, resources, wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes"
,"A disaster is a natural or man-made (or technological) hazard resulting in an event of substantial extent causing significant physical damage or destruction, loss...",,,,,"natural, technological, hazard, event, damage, destruction, loss"
,"""A disaster is a natural or man-made hazard that has come to fruition, resulting in an event of substantial extent causing significant physical...",,,,,"natural, man-made, hazard, event, causing"
,A disaster is a situation that causes suffering or creates needs that the victims cannot alleviate without assistance. Types of disasters that could affect Burlington...,,,,,"situation, causes, affect, needs, victims"
,"A disaster is a disaster, and the federal government should be stepping up to help our hardworking fishing families the same way they do...",,,,,
,"By definition, a disaster is a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage, loss or destruction. Because of the unexpected occurrence of a disaster, the ability...",,,,,"sudden, calamitous, event, damage, loss, destruction, unexpected"
,"2 days ago ... A disaster is a disaster, says Chanel Hermann of Funds from the Heart. One is not worse than the other to the people affected. So, we have...",,,,,
,"A disaster is a special and unusual reality, due to its sudden and unpredictable nature and the magnitude of the losses it causes. A disaster can disrupt the...",,,,,"unusual, reality, sudden, unpredictable, nature, disrupt"
,"A disaster is a situation where one of the sites (either the master or the slave) fails, or the communication between the master site and the slave site is lost.",,,,,"situation, sites, master, slave, fails, lost"
,"At Blue Shield, a disaster is defined as an event that impacts our ability to serve our customers. We have an extensive Business Continuity Program to minimize...",,,,,"event, impacts, ability, to serve, business"
,A disaster is defined as an incident which results in the loss of computer processing to the extent that business can not be conducted. A disaster can result from a...,,,,,"incident, loss of computer proccessing, "
,"For purposes of this. MOU, a disaster is defined as an overwhelming incident that exceeds the effective response capability of the impacted hospital or hospitals.",,,,,"overwhelming, incident, exceeds, hospitals"
,... maintenance shop;; Level 3 - High/Severe Disaster: A disaster is defined as a very serious event that seriously impairs or halts the operations of the University.,,,,,"serious event, impairs, halts, seriously, University"
,"In the industry, a disaster is defined as something that forces you to move to a different location, he said. He pointed out that business continuity...",,,,,"Industry, forces, to move, different location"
,"(A disaster is defined as a fire, flood, or other physical occurrence beyond the employer's control, caused naturally or accidentally.) All employers financing UC...",,,,,"fire, flood, phydivsl occurrence, naturally, accidentally, employers"
,A disaster is defined as a sudden occurrence which inflicts widespread catastrophic damage to a large geographic area and/or which generally affects a large...,,,,,"sudden ocurrence, catastrophic, damage, affects, geographic area"
,"A disaster is defined as a ""sudden or great misfortune"" or simply ""any unfortunate event"" whose timing is unexpected and whose consequences are seriously...",,,,,"sudden, great, misfortune, unfortunate event, unexpected, consecuences"
,"(picture to the left: 2005 Hurricane Season). A disaster is defined as a ""sudden occurrence which inflicts widespread catastrophic damage to a large geographic...",,,,,"sudden ocurrence, inflicts, catastrophic, damage, large geographic"
,"A disaster is defined as the impact of a natural or technological catastro- phe on a specific population, and its consequences are the product of that interaction...",,,,,"impact, natural, technological, catastrophe, consequences, interaction"
,A disaster is defined as a disruption in a society to an extent which exceeds the ability of that particular society to cope with it's available resources. The degree...,,,,,"disruption, exceeds, particular society, to cope, available resources"
,"for the purposes of disaster recovery projects, a disaster is defined as: damage caused by a sudden, unexpected event involving fire, water, man-made or...",,,,,"damage, sudden, unexpected, event, fire, water, man-made"
,A disaster is defined as any event that creates an inability on an organisation's part to provide critical business functions for some predetermined period of time2.,,,,,"event, inability, period of time, to provide, organisation"
,"A disaster is defined as a threatening or occurring incident of such destructive magnitude and forces as to dislocate people and animals,...",,,,,"threatening, occurring, incident, destructive, magnitude, forces, dislocate"
,A disaster is defined as any incident that disables or interrupts the ability to maintain a business as usual environment for a predetermined...,,,,,"incident, interrupts, ability, disables, business"
,"A disaster is defined as an event causing great loss, hardship, or suffering to many people. When we think of this kind of event we usually think of catastrophic...",,,,,"event, great loss, hardship, suffering, catastrophic"
,"(A disaster is defined as an act of nature, terrorism, or catastrophic event) Data would then be transferred either from Sage Direct, your credit union, or your...",,,,,"act, nature, terrorism, catastrophic event, "
,A disaster is defined as anything that causes human suffering or creates human needs from which the victims cannot alleviate themselves. OUR MISSION: To...,,,,,"causes human, suffering, creates, human, needs, victims"
,Definition. A disaster is defined as any event that has the ability to stop business from operating normally. Whereas disasters are considered to...,,,,,"event, ability, to stop business, "
,"A disaster is defined as an event, expected or unexpected, involving shortages of time and resources, that places life, property, or the...",,,,,"event, expected, unexpected, resources"
,"For purposes of this MOU, a disaster is defined as an overwhelming incident that exceeds the effective response capability of the impacted facility, whether...",,,,,"overwhelming, incident, exceeds, response, capability, impacted"
,1 A disaster is defined as a serious disruption to community life which threatens or causes death or injury in that community and/or damage to...,,,,,"serious, disrupt, community life, causes, damage"
,"campus, which do not constitute an emergency, but which require major planning and coordination. A disaster is defined as any event that results in property.",,,,,"event, results, property, emergency"
,"Per PIM 3.8, A disaster is defined as any natural or man-made catastrophe which causes damage of sufficient severity and magnitude to...",,,,,"natural, man-made, catastrophe, causes, damage, severity, magnitude"
,Emergency-plan A disaster is defined as a sudden event that causes much suffering or loss to many people. A disaster can be caused by a...,,,,,"sudden, event, causes,suffering, loss, caused"
,A disaster is defined as an event that overwhelms all existing local emergency resources. In the event of a disaster you will be on your own for a...,,,,,"event, overwhelms, emergency resources, "
,"A disaster is defined as an event that is severe enough for the United States Department of Agriculture, upon petition from the State, to give approval to the state...",,,,,"event, severe enough, State, "
,"A disaster is defined as a function of the risk process. It results from the combination of hazards, conditions of vulnerability and insufficient capacity or measures...",,,,,"function, risk process, combination of hazards, vulnerability, capacity"
,"A disaster is defined as a serious disruption of the functioning of the society, caused by a hazard or otherwise, having widespread human, and material,...",,,,,"serious, disrupts,society, hazard, "
,... of a Disaster. A disaster is defined as an event or set of events causing significant alteration to the residency experience at one or more residency programs.,,,,,"event, significant alteration, causing"
,"A disaster is defined as the occurrence of any event that cause a significant disruption in information processing or networking capabilities. Basically, disaster...",,,,,"occurence, event, significant disruption, information processing"
,"A disaster is an occurrence, such as a hurricane, tornado, storm, flood, high water, wind-driven water, tidal wave, earthquake, drought, blizzard, pestilence,...",,,,,"ocurrence, hurricane, tornado, storm, flood, earthquake, pestilence"
,A disaster is an overwhelming ecological disruption occurring on a scale sufficient to require outside assistance. A disaster is an event located in time and space...,,,,,"overwhelming, ecological, disruption, occurring, time, space"
,"A disaster is an event that can result in significant harm to lives and/or property, as well as disruption in daily activities. For the people living with a transplant,...",,,,,"event, significant harm, disruption"
,A disaster is an emergency that exceeds the communities' resources. There are four phases of emergency management: Prevention - actions...,,,,,"emergency, exceeds, resources, communities, prevention"
,"A disaster is an event that can result in significant harm to lives and/or property, as well as disruption in daily activities. For the people receiving kidney dialysis or...",,,,,"event, significant harm, disruption"
,DISASTER : A disaster is an occurrence disrupting the normal conditions of existence and causing a level of suffering that exceeds the capacity of adjustment of.,,,,,"occurrence, disrupting, causing, suffering, exceeds, capacity"
,A disaster is an event that impacts livelihoods to the extent that outside assistance is needed to respond and recover. It takes individual and community efforts to...,,,,,"event, impacts, respond, recover"
,"A disaster is an event that causes great suffering to people, & damage to or destruction of personal property and societal infrastructure. A disaster is an event that...",,,,,"event, causes, great, suffering, damage,destruction, "
,A disaster is an event that has terrible consequences. They can reveal the vulnerability of the delicate balance that is needed to survive and prosper on planet...,,,,,"event, terrible consequences, vulnerability, survive"
,The Definition of Disaster that we use is: A disaster is an occurrence that causes human suffering or creates human needs that the victims cannot alleviate...,,,,,"ocurrence, causes, human needs, victims"
,What is a Disaster? A disaster is an occurrence disrupting the normal conditions of existence and causing a level of suffering that exceeds the...,,,,,"occurrence, causes, human suffering, exceeds"
,"A disaster is an event resulting in serious harm to the safety, health or welfare of people or widespread damage to properties. Swan Hills Emergency...",,,,,"event, resulting, serious harm, damage, emergency"
,"Additional work upon request. Sometimes, a disaster is an opportunity to remodel or add on to a structure. Miminal inconvience to the property owner. Warranty.",,,,,
,"A disaster is an awesome event. Massive destruction and terrible sights evoke deep feelings (1). A disaster is also a communal event, in which survivors share...",,,,,"event, massive destruction, terrible sights, communal event, survivors"
,A disaster is any situation that overwhelms the resources available to respond. Scene safety is a critical factor. Communication of the details of the event should...,,,,,"situation, overwhelms, resources, critical, event"
,A disaster is any tragedy that effects a community or environment on a large scale. Disasters can be manmade hazards such as chemical spills or events like...,,,,,"tragedy, effects, community, enviroment, hazards, events"
,"A disaster is any major event that causes a disruption to your business. Typically, a disaster has a major impact and widespread effect, such as the loss of...",,,,,"event, causes, disruption, business, impactm effect, loss"
,"A disaster is any occurrence, natural or man-made, that causes substantial suffering to human beings and animals, and catastrophic damage to property.",,,,,"occurrence, natural, man-made, causes, suffering, damage, catastrophic"
,"Disasters aren't just earthquakes and floods. A disaster is any situation that overwhelms your own resources. A house fire, causing you to evacuate your home...",,,,,"earthquakes, floods, situation, overwhelms, resources, house fire"
,"A disaster is any event that interrupts your critical business functions -- a flood, a fire, a system failure, even the loss of a key employee. Disasters can occur at...",,,,,"event, interrupts, critical, business, flood, fire, system failure"
,"A disaster is any unplanned interruption of business caused by an event beyond your control. Disasters may result from natural causes, terrorist activities,...",,,,,"unplanned, interruption of business, caused, event, natural"
,"A disaster is any event occurring naturally or due to human activities, which threatens human lives, damages property and infrastructure, and...",,,,,"event, ocurring, naturally, human activities, damages, "
,A disaster is any event which occurs that significantly and adversely affects resident or allied professional graduate trainee experience in the training programs.,,,,,"event, occurs, adversely affects, "
,"A disaster is any unplanned event that can cause deaths or significant injuries to employees, customers, or the public; shut down your business; disrupt...",,,,,"unplanned, event, cause, significant injuries, employees, disrupt"
,"A disaster is any time you are unable to transact business in the manner you, your staff, clientele, and vendors have come to expect and...",,,,,"time, unable, transact business, to expect"
,RESOURCE SHARING IN MANAGING LIBRARY DISASTERS. A disaster is any circumstance that significantly damages a library including damage to the.,,,,,"circumstance, damage a library, library disasters, resource"
,"A disaster is any event that negatively impacts people, facilities, operations or IT infrastructure, from natural disasters and fires to power outages and human...",,,,,"event, negatively impacts, natural, fires"
,"A disaster is any event, natural or man-caused, which creates an intense negative impact on people, goods and services, and/or the environment, and exceeds...",,,,,"event, natural, man-caused, creates, negative impact, enviroment"
,"SExUAl ViOlENcE iN DiSAStERS. A disaster is any event that causes damage, disruption, brings harm to humans, or breaks down health or health services in...",,,,,"event, causes, damage, disruption, harm, human"
,"A disaster is any situation where the demand for resources exceeds the available supply. 2. Provided with only minimal manpower, equipment, and resources,...",,,,,"situation, resources, exceeds, "
,"A disaster is any specific event that results in overwhelming physical, economic and/or emotional damage to a community. Early Response Teams are flexible so...",,,,,"event, results, overwhelming, physical, economic, emotional damage"
,"A disaster is any natural catastrophe (e.g., tornado, hurricane, storm, high water, wind-driven water, tidal wave, tsunami, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide,...",,,,,"natural catastrophe, tornado, hurricane, storm, volcanic eruption "
,A disaster is any event that would cause the Regional Center to close due to safety concerns for its staff and visitors.This can include: a major earthquake...,,,,,"event, cause, earthquake, to close"
,"... in ecology that has an extended effect; it could be considered a disaster. Simply defined, a disaster is any incident that creates a victim of circumstance.",,,,,"ecology, effect, incident, creates, victim, circumstance"
,1.2 A disaster is any circumstance that significantly damages a library (including damage to the physical structure of a library facility) and/or its collections with...,,,,,"circumstance, damage a library, physical structure"
,A disaster is any incident that interrupts the flow of business. Our objective is to provide fully compliant data center and business continuity services to prevent...,,,,,"incident, interrupts, business, to prevent"
,C. Disaster A disaster is any event or occurrence which seriously impairs the school's ability to do business as usual. The coordinated effort...,,,,,"event, ocurrence, seriously, ability, business"
,"A disaster is any situation in which the need outweighs the resources. As far as I know, there is only one disaster that occurs on a regular basis;...",,,,,"situation, need outweighs, the resources, occurs"
,"A disaster is any event which drastically affects a person's life or livelihood. It is an event that one has no control over floods, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes,...",,,,,"event, drastically, affects, no control, floods, fires, hurricanes, tornadoes"
,"DISASTERS A disaster is any situation that threatens to overwhelm the ability of local resources to cope, including: :: Trauma disasters, such as major road traffic...",,,,,"situation, overwhelm, ability, resources, trauma"
,"A disaster is any event that has the potential for inflicting widespread destruction. 1. Design an action plan to handle an emergency situation now, before you are...",,,,,"event, destruction, emergency, situation "
,"A disaster is any event, which prevents a Business Unit from carrying on its usual operations for the foreseeable future. 1.3 STRATEGY FOR RECOVERY.",,,,,"event, prevent, business, recovery, strategy"
,"DISASTER. A disaster is any event that causes a level of destruction, death, or injury that affects the abilities of the community to respond to the.",,,,,"event, causes, destruction, death, injury, affects, abilities"
,A disaster is characterized by the need to institute plans for the salvage and subsequent repair or replacement of property or objects. If the disaster required the...,,,,,"need, plans, repair, replacement, required"
,A disaster is characterized by different disruptions which perturb largely the execution of the established plans. In hospital and more precisely in operating...,,,,,"disruptions, perturb, estabilished plans, hospital"
,"A disaster is characterized by an imbalance between needs and supplies. In circumstances in which there occur mass casualties, it is not possible to provide...",,,,,"imbalance, needs, supplies, circumstances, casualties"
,A disaster is characterized by the destruction of a portion of the capital stock and a temporary negative technology shock that reduces output. We then analyze...,,,,,"destruction, capital stock, techonolgy shock, reduces"
,"In the evacuation context, a disaster is characterized by how it impacts the evacuation areas. The key disaster attributes in an evacuation problem are the...",,,,,"evacuation context, impacts, areas, problem"
,A disaster is characterized by the destruction of a portion of the capital stock and a temporary negative technology shock that reduces output.,,,,,"destruction, capital stock, techonolgy shock, reduces"
,"On-site triage. From a medical point of view, a disaster is characterized by the disproportion between the increased demand for medical response capacity and.",,,,,"medical of view, disproportion, medical response, capacity"
,"A disaster is characterized by its (a) causative agent, (b) financial impact, and (c) type of response necessary. Disasters fall into one of two...",,,,,"causative agent, financial impact, response"
,"The disaster known as Hurricane Sandy that hit the Caribbean, the. United States and Canada at the end of October 2012 should have.",,,,,"hurricane, hit, Caribbean, United States and Canada"
,"The disaster known as Obamacare continues to wreak havoc on America by the day, as millions discover that their president repeatedly lied to...",,,,,"Obamacare, havoc, to wreak, discover, lied"
,"The disaster known as CSN Houston has been the butt of many jokes since it launched last October. But on Saturday, the network reached a...",,,,,"CSN Houston, many jokes, the network"
,"Admittedly, the disaster known as the sequester is something new. I can't recall a time when a trifecta of fiscal irresponsibility happened almost...",,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
,,,,,,
