,"The disease is a vicious circle Meet, discuss & support other patients or families living with Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL). Contribute to topics, or just share what's on..."
,"A disease is a particular abnormal, pathological condition that affects part or all of an organism. It is often construed as a medical condition associated with..."
,"The disease is a slowly progressive disorder. Although not life threatening in itself, death may occur as a complication of infection or immobility. For example:."
,"The disease is a person, if the disease is a man you won't get it so strong, if the disease is a woman you will be very sick, sometimes they say that the disease,..."
,The disease is a build up of protein (amyloid) in the blood vessels of the brain. This leads of brain haemorrhages. The first brain haemorrhage usually occurs...
,The disease is a problem in domestic swine herds around the world and has recently been introduced in the US. PEDv spreads through contact...
,A disease is defined as rare when it affects fewer than 1 in 2 000 people; There are more than 7 000 rare pathologies; 25 million people in Europe are affected...
,"A disease is defined as an emergency if it meets any of the following criteria: it is a known disease that does not normally occur in Australia, and for which it is..."
,"In the United States, a disease is defined as rare when it affects fewer than 200,000 Americans at any given time. Davis' foundation partners..."
,"A disease is defined as rare when it affects less than 1 in 2,000 citizens. No-one knows for sure how many people with Behet's disease there are in the UK, but..."
,The disease is defined as a slowly progressive ob- struction of airflow that is predominantly irreversible. COPD usually begins in the fifth decade of life as an.
,"Until now, in the field of medicine, a disease is defined as an alteration of the state of health, presenting as a unique pattern of symptoms with a single treatment."
,"A disease is defined as any departure from health, whether mental or physical. If disease is a departure from health, then recovery is the act of restoration to..."
,"A disease is defined as any abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, or distress. Infectious diseases are..."
,"The disease is defined as an enlargement in the absence of secondary causes. Other causes can include hyperthyroidism, nutritional, hypertension(high blood..."
,"In the European Union, a disease is defined as rare when it affects fewer than 1 in 2,000 people. In Ireland it is estimated that 6-8% of the population has a rare..."
,"In the U.S., a disease is defined as rare if it is believed to affect fewer than 200,000 Americans, according to the National Organization of Rare Disorders."
,"A disease is defined as rare in the U.S. if it is believed to affect fewer than 200,000 Americans. Approximately 30 million Americans have rare..."
,"Rare Diseases. Rare Disease. A disease is defined as rare when it affects not more than I in 2,000 people. In the EU alone there are more than 30 million people..."
,"A disease is defined as rare in the EU if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people. Granting of orphan drug designation in the EU provides..."
,"The disease is defined as a progressive disease in which airways in lungs are blocked, making it difficult to breath. While he never smoked,..."
,"The disease is defined as an acute parenchymatous fatty degeneration of the liver, kidney, or heart, combined with hemorrhages into the various organs."
,A disease is defined as rare when it affects less than 1 in 2000 individuals in the general population. It is estimated that there are 6000 to 8000...
,A disease is defined as autoimmune if the tissue damage is caused by an adaptive immune response to self-antigen. Development of the disease by trans-.
,"In the European Union (EU), a disease is defined as rare if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people across the EU.[4]. The development of..."
,"The disease is defined as an ulcer with undermined borders, necrosis of the underlying subcutaneous tissue and a shiny hyperpigmented skin surrounding the..."
,"A disease is defined as rare in Europe when it affects less than 1 in 2000 citizens. There are between 6000 and 8000 rare diseases, 80% of them have identified..."
,A disease is defined as rare when a maximum of 1 person is diagnosed out of 2000 healthy people (or 500 diagnosed for every million people in the population...
,"1 day ago ... A disease is defined as rare in the EU if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people. Biliary tract cancer affects approximately 1.7 in 10,000..."
,A disease is defined as an abnormal condition that affects the body; a condition is broad term that includes disease and symptoms. The word disease conveys...
,"A disease is defined as rare in Europe when it affects fewer than 1 in 2,000 citizens, so from a handful to 250 000 people. The European Union..."
,"In the European Union (EU), a disease is defined as rare if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people across the EU.iv The development of..."
,"A disease is defined as rare in the EU if it affects fewer than five in 10,000 people. Granting of orphan drug designation in the EU provides..."
,The disease is an infection caused by the fungus common in the San Joaquin Valley soil.
,A disease is an abnormal condition affecting the body of an organism. It is often construed to be a medical condition associated with specific symptoms and...
,"A disease is an illness which is caused by one thing, usually a virus or a bacterium. A syndrome is a collection of symptoms which may be..."
,A disease is an illness or condition that interferes with normal body functions. Fever A fever is when you have a high body temperature of 38C (100.4F) or over.
,"The disease is an anthroponosis: fly to human to fly to human. Gambian Sleeping Sickness has resurged recently in the Congo, Angola, southern Sudan and..."
,Disease: A disease is an illness or condition that interferes with normal body functions. Epidemic: An epidemic is a sudden outbreak of disease that spreads...
,"The disease is an autoimmune disease, in which the body's immune system attacks the gastrointestinal tract, causing inflammation. Loss of immunological..."
,A disease is an abnormal condition that affects the body of an organism. It is often construed as a medical condition associated with specific symptoms and signs...
,The disease is an intestinal disorder called GIARDIASIS (gee-ar-dye-a-sis). It can cause you severe discomfort. The disease is caused by a microscopic...
,"The disease is an inflammation of the tissue around the arteries which, in chronic cases, causes contraction of the muscles and thickening of the skin. In Janet's..."
,A disease is an abnormal condition that affects the body of an organism. It is often construed as a medical condition associated with specific symptoms and signs...
,"A disease is an irregular condition that affects the whole, or parts of the body. In this sense of the word, addiction is certainly a disease. It has been said that..."
,A disease is an interaction between a genome and its biotic or abiotic environment and therefore a disease is essentially an ecological process.
,"The disease is an important public health concern, particularly in developing countries, with high morbidity and mortality associated with maternal and neonatal..."
,"Hepatitis A disease is an infection of the liver. Hepatitis A disease is caused by a virus. This disease is serious because the virus affects the liver, a vital organ of..."
,"The disease is an infection caused by the rabies virus. This virus attacks the brain, causing severe inflammation (encephalitis) and death. A person or animal..."
,"A disease is an outcome of all these factors, the symptoms of which may not be evidently manifested in the beginning. Only if we are able to detect these covert..."
,"In Ayurveda, a disease is any change from ""normal"" in the body. The body uses various mechanisms to buffer changes and self-regulate. These mechanisms..."
,"A disease is any deviation from the norm, whether caused by a depletion, dysfunction or disruption. Successful treatment depends upon correct diagnosis."
,"In general, a disease is any abnormal condition of an organism that impairs physiological functions. A disease may be caused by infectious organisms, parasites..."
,"Response #4. A disease is any abnormal condition affecting normal functioning of an organism's body, so technically yes, MRKH is a disease."
,"A disease is any abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, or distress to the person afflicted or those in contact with the person."
,"A disease is any condition caused by the presence of an invading organism, or a toxic component, that damages the host. In humans, diseases can be caused..."
,A disease is any condition where the body isn't working as it should. This could be caused by a malfunction in the body (as with diabetes) or it...
,A disease is any condition that impairs normal physiologic functioning. An infec- tions disease is caused by a pathogen (disease-causing agent) entering the...
,"A disease is any abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction or distress to the person affected or those in contact with the person."
,"DISEASES. A disease is any upset in body function, due to, for example, an infection, deficiency or heredity. There are four main types of diseases. H Pathogenic."
,"A disease is any ""deviation or interruption f...See More. 3 22 mins. Amir Estakhrian Yep. 16 mins. Marion Marion I knew it. It's all in your head. We really have to..."
,"A disease is any condition caused by the presence of an invading organism or a toxic component that damages the host. In humans, diseases can be caused by..."
,A disease is any condition where the body isn't working as it should. This could be caused by a malfunction in the body (as with diabetes) or it could be caused...
,"A disease is any condition caused by the presence of an invading organism or a toxic component that damages the host. In humans, diseases can be caused by..."
,Epidemiology is the study of disease ecol- ogy. A disease is any departure from health. In- fectious diseases result from infections by patho- gens or p~rasites.
,"A disease is any abnormal condition of the body or mind that causes discomfort, dysfunction, or distress, in other words your body tells you that you are unwell."
,A disease is any disturbance or anomaly in the normal functioning of the body. Most diseases are caused by some type of mind/body/soul/spirit imbalance.
,"A disease is any condition that prevents one of these body systems from working as it should. As a result, the body may fail to maintain homeostasis. Disease in..."
,A disease is any condition that interferes with the functioning of the body or mind. The two main types of disease are communicable and...
,A disease is any negative change in a person's health. Etiology is the cause of a disease. Normal microbial flora are the useful microorganisms found in the...
,"A disease is any impairment that interferes with the performance of an organism's normal function, including its ability to respond to environmental stress."
,A disease is any harmful deviation in the normal function of the tree caused by a persistent agent. There are many types of diseases that occur in forests of...
,"he gave the name. ""agranulocytic angina."" The disease is characterized by a sudden onset, with high fever and general malaise. The tonsils and the surround-."
,"The disease is characterized by fever and vesicles with subsequent erosions in the mouth, nares, muzzle, feet, or teats. Hog Cholera, Classical Swine Fever..."
,"On histopathology, the disease is characterized by the progressive replacement of ventricular myocardium (primarily right ventricular myocardium) with fatty or..."
,"The disease is characterized by an asymmetric thickening (hypertrophy) of the heart muscle. In some cases, narrowing (obstruction) of the left-sided outflow tract..."
,Quick Facts. 4. SMA is the most common inherited cause of early childhood death. 4. The disease is characterized by progressive muscle weakness and.
,"The disease is characterized by myofibroblastic reaction, fat necrosis and diffuse fibrosis of the mesentery. Pathological confirmation may be required for definite..."
,"The disease is characterized by muscle fatigue, stiffness, myalgia, and weakness often caused by activity and improved by rest. If activity is continued after..."
,"The disease is characterized by vesicles (small blisters that contain clear fluid) inside the mouth, on the gums and on the side of the tongue. On rare occasions..."
,"The disease is characterized by the appearance of concentric black spots on leaves, stem and pods. In years of severe outbreak, pods turn black in colour and..."
,"The disease is characterized by congestion, edema, generalized lymphadenopathy and hemorrhagic necrosis and is sometimes fatal. Source:..."
,Chronic scurvy: Heart disease is a misnomer. The disease is characterized by scab-like build-ups that slowly grow on the walls of blood vessels. The underlying...
,"The disease is characterized by increased intraocular pressure due to reduced outflow of aqueous humor, which eventually damages the optic nerve causing..."
,"metabolism. The disease is characterized by the association of a massive hepatomegaly due to glycogen accumulation, severe hypophosphatemic rickets."
,"The disease is characterized by a progressive optic nerve atrophy, associated with a decrease of the field of vision. This degeneration proceeds so insidiously..."
,"The disease is characterized by prominent December 20, 2012; Wthrich R.P. and Mei C. N Engl J Med 2012; 367:2440-2442. Autosomal dominant polycystic..."
,"The disease is characterized by curled and rolled leaves, thickened veins, a bright-to-subdued-yellow mosaic which varies with time of the year, stunting, and a..."
,"The disease is characterized by fasting hypoglycemia, hepatomegaly, growth retardation, progressive myopathy and cardiomyopathy."
,"In clonal minihedges, the disease is characterized by foliar necrosis, annular or complete wood darkening, wilt and death of rooted-cuttings. Leaf symptoms are..."
,"The disease is characterized by (1) rigidity of much of the musculature of the body, (2) involuntary tremor of the involved areas even when the person is resting at..."
,"The disease is characterized by skin that is loose, hanging and wrinkled, resulting in a prematurely aged appearance. Rex Features."
,"Diseases. Psoriasis is a fairly common, chronic skin disease that runs in families. The disease is characterized by red plaques covered by thick, white scales."
,"The disease is characterized by a varied clinical profile, which can trigger cutaneous, articular, neurological and cardiac manifestations. Keywords: Borrelia..."
,"... has case fatality rates approaching 90%. The disease is characterized by causing a lethal hemorrhagic fever, bloody diarrhoea and vomiting."
,The disease is characterized by progressive loss of central vision making everyday tasks challenging. The etiology is complex and has both an environmental...
,The disease considered as a target for SCS is Refractory Angina rather than ordinary angina pectoris unfortunately the document does not make this distinction...
,"mellitus, a disease considered as an important risk factor for tuberculosis, there is usually associated hypercholesterolemia. In conclusion, according to our..."
,The disease described as contagious caprine pleuropneumonia (CCPP) was said to be common amongst goats in Northern Nigeria. A survey of the diseases of.
,"A disease described as when one's ass is abnormally large. Raquel! I think you have Assanitis! That ass is HUGE! by Assonitis, assonite June 30, 2011. 0 0."
,"The disease described as jaundice in ancient Greek, Roman, and Chinese literature probably was viral hepatitis. A viral etiology was postulated as the cause..."
,"Propelled by umbrella bodies such as MMV, the disease described as keeping poor people poor, and which affects almost half the world's population, is under..."
,"AIDS itself is even seen in this light, a disease described as ''the ultimate careerist.'' Of course, this point of view is a perfectly valid and..."
,"The disease described as nutritional encephalo- malacia of chicks is not associated with significant alterations in cell plasma ratio, plasma or blood volume. 2."
,"about rare diseases. In Europe, a disease defined as rare when it affects one in 2000 people. Their website can be found here: http://www.orpha.net/consor/cgi-."
,"On the other hand, a disease defined as Vatarakta may fit into the Ayurveda definition in one instance and get excluded at another instance. While bio-medicine..."
,"It is estimated that 55 million Americans have hypertension, a disease defined as having a blood pressure greater than 140 systolic and/or 80 mmHg diastolic."
,"In the dark recesses of the mind, a disease known as fear feasts upon the souls who cannot overcome its power. - Ramandeep Singh."
,"The disease known as Grief. Posted February 24th, 2012 by Joe Gibes. When should grief be classified as a mental illness? asks an editorial in the February..."
,"In the dark recesses of the mind, a disease known as fear feasts upon the souls of those who cannot overcome its power..."" ""Ocean of Fear""..."
,"The disease known as banzo: excerpts from Sigaud and von Martius [1844]. Rev. latinoam. psicopatol. fundam. [online]. 2008, vol.11, n.4, suppl., pp. 762-778."
,"Btk is the protein affected in XLA, a disease identified as a B cell differentiation defect. Btk is crucial for B cell differentiation and activation, but..."
,"Btk is the protein affected in XLA, a disease identified as a B cell differentiation defect. Btk is crucial for B cell differentiation and activation, but..."
,"A disease identified as late blight, phytophthora infestans, has decimated backyard vegetable crops, notably potatoes and tomatoes..."
,A disease identified as Tobacco Streak Virus (IIar virus) transmitted by thrips was observed in the transgenic cotton growing region of Southern Maharashtra and...
,"77,9% of survey respondents ignored the cause of their last fever. The disease identified as 'malaria' hardly has a perceived impact on forest farmers' daily live."
,The disease identified as plague or the black death in modern times is caused by the organism Yersinia pestis. 16 Strong drink (20) Luke 1:15 For he shall...
,"All of the isolates were sensitive to the other antibiotics tested. The disease identified as 'bacillary necrosis', recently described from farmed P. hypophthalmus."
