,"A fever is a common sign of illness, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. In fact, fevers seem to play a key role in fighting infections. So should you treat a fever..."
,This difficulty presents special challenges when the cause of the fever is a serious medical condition. ... A fever is a body's natural response to a foreign body.
,"In a way, a fever is a good thing: It means your child's immune system is doing its job by fighting an underlying cold or another infection. The brain commands the..."
,"In fact, a fever is a good sign as it means that the body is responding to fight the ...... Yes, the ear infection caused the eardrums to burst, but the fever is a key..."
,Definition. A fever is a body temperature higher than a normal temperature of 98.6 F. Fever is a healthy way in which the body fights infection. Back to top...
,A fever is a higher-than-normal body temperature and is a part of our body's natural response to infection. The average normal body temperature is 98.6 degrees...
,A fever is a sign that your body has an infection and that it is attempting to fight that infection. The body averages a temperature of 97.9 degrees...
,Fevers. What is a fever? A fever is a temperature of 100.4 F and higher. The body has several ways to maintain normal body temperature. The organs involved...
,"A fever is a symptom that can be caused by a variety of illnesses. It most commonly accompanies a viral infection, but can also be caused by..."
,A fever is a high body temperature. A temperature of up to 38.9C (102F) can be helpful because it helps the body fight infection. Most healthy children and...
,child has a fever and how to manage a fever. What is a fever? A fever is a body temperature that is higher than normal. Normal body temperature varies with age ...
,"A fever is a body temperature above 100.4F. A normal oral temperature for a resting, healthy adult is about 98.6F (37C) (for someone over..."
,"Less commonly in infants, a fever is a sign of a bacterial infection such as a urinary tract infection or a more serious infection such as meningitis. Other causes of..."
,Fever. A fever is a temperature elevated above the normal range. A fever is generally considered to be a temperature greater than 100.4 degrees F. Fevers are...
,The core temperature is the temperature of the blood as it's going through the heart. A fever is a core temperature of 100.4F or higher.
,"However, a fever is a specific, regulated type of hyperthermia. It develops when the set point is increased in the hypothalamus, a part of the brain that acts as the ..."
,"Generally, a fever is a temperature over 99F if taken in the armpit or over 100F if taken rectally. Ask your doctor when he or she would like to be notified if your..."
,A fever is a body temp of 100.5 or higher and the highest your baseline body temp would get in the last couple weeks of your cycle is 100 or so. I suspect if you ...
,"Fever in Children. A fever is a body temperature that is higher than normal. The average normal body temperature is 98.6, but can range between 97.5 and 99.5."
,"In a virus or poision, a fever is a response to excess blood volume wich causes your heart to pump harder and faster generating heat. you may simulate this by..."
,"Since higher body temperatures kill any bacteria or viruses that may be attacking the body, a fever is a natural defense mechanism of the body to treat an illness."
,A fever is a higher than normal body temperature. It's usually a symptom of an infection or illness such as a cold or flu. When measured by a thermometer under ...
,"Actually, a fever is a great way to help your body fight an infection. The reason you get a fever is because your body is trying to render the biological processes..."
,"A fever is a temperature above 102F (38.9C) by rectum, 101F (38.3C) by ear or mouth or 100F (37.8C) under the arm. Common Causes of Fever. A fever..."
,Fever temperatures. A fever is a high body temperature. A temperature of up to 102 F (38.9 C) can be helpful because it helps the body fight...
,"A fever is a welcome warning of infection. Fever is a symptom. It is not a disease. The usual cause of fever is infection. Now, there are several causes of infection..."
,A fever is defined as a rectal temperature of 100.4F in an infant under 90 days old or a temperature of 101F in a child older than 90 days. boy with fever...
,A fever is defined as a temperature 1 or more above the normal 98.6. Minor infections may cause mild or short-term temperature elevations. Temperatures of ...
,A fever is defined as any temperature above 100.4F. The usual fevers (100.4 to 104F [38 to 40C]) that all children get are not harmful. How should I take my...
,A fever is defined as abnormally high body temperature resulting from internal controls. It is believed that fever is Mother Nature's method of...
,"A fever is defined as a body temperature above 100.5 degrees F. Therefore, a body temperature of 99.5 degrees or 100 degrees F is not a fever and should not ..."
,"A fever is defined as a body temperature above 100.4 degrees F in an infant less than 2 months old, or above 101 F in an older child."
,"As discussed previously, a fever is defined as a body temperature above 100.4 degrees. If you take your own temperature all day long it will be quite variable as ..."
,A fever is defined as abnormally high body temperature resulting from internal controls. It is believed that fever is a method of fighting infection. The body resets ...
,A fever is defined as a rise in body temperature to 100 degrees or more orally. Do not administer fever reducing medications for temperatures of less than 100...
,"A fever is defined as temperature of 100.4F (38C) or greater taken rectally, 99.5F (37.5C) taken orally, or 99F (37.2C) taken under the arm."
,A fever is defined as a temperature 1 or more above the normal 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit (F) or 37 degrees Celsius (C). Mild or short-term elevations in body...
,A fever is defined as a temperature greater than or equal to 100.4. A cold baby (hypothermic in medical speak) has a temperature below 97F. If you suspect...
,"A fever is defined as a body temperature above 100.5 F Therefore, a body temperature of 99.5 or 100 F is not a fever and should not be a cause for worry in..."
,A fever is defined as an elevated temperature reading of 100.4F or higher. A rectal temperature of 103 or an oral or ear temperature of 102 is considered a...
,oral thermometer or 99.6 degrees Fahrenheit when a rectal thermometer is used. A fever is defined as a temperature above these averages.
,"degrees Fahrenheit in the armpit. In an adult, a fever is defined as 100 degrees Fahrenheit (37.8 degrees Celsius) or greater (Source: CDC)."
,"Fever Features. A fever is defined as a rise of at least 1 above normal body temperature, which is 98.6 for most people. Temperatures equal to or greater than..."
,A fever is defined as a body temperature higher than normal. Normal dog temperature is between 100F and 102.5F (37.7C and 39.2C) for adult dogs.
,"A: A fever is defined as a body temperature that is higher than the normal range ( for adults, it is greater than 37.5 degrees Celsius; for young..."
,"A fever is defined as 100F or 37.8C. For more information, visit www.cdc.gov or www.flu.gov or ask your primary care provider. Information from the Department..."
,Temperature Levels or Cutoffs: A fever is defined as a temperature 100.4F ( 38C) in infants 3 months old and 100.4F (38C) to 101F...
,"A fever is defined as temperature of 38.0 C (100.4 F). Rec- tal thermometry is considered the gold standard for temperature measure- ment, because this route is..."
,"A fever is defined as 100F or 37.8C. Upon returning to full activity, follow all infection control strategies including covering your cough,..."
,"A fever is defined as 100 degrees F or 37.8 degrees C. If your child is 5 years or older and otherwise healthy and gets flu-like symptoms, including a fever and/or ..."
,"(A fever is defined as 100F or 37.8C.) Cover your mouth and nose with a tissue when coughing or sneezing. If you don't have a tissue, then cough or sneeze..."
,at least 24 hours after their fever is gone. (Fever should be gone without the use of a fever-reducing medicine.) A fever is defined as 100F (37.8C) or higher.
,A fever is defined as a temperature elevation greater than or equal to 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit (38 degrees Centigrade) measured rectally; other methods of...
,a fever is defined as: 1 rectal temp over 100.4f 2 oral temp over 99.5f 3 underarm temp over 98.6f 100-102f: low grade fever and beneficial 102-104 f:...
,"For school purposes, a fever is defined as a temperature reading at or above 100 degrees. A student who is on fever-reducing medicine is not ready to attend..."
,(without the use of fever-reducing medicine). A fever is defined as having a temperature of 100 F or 37.8 C or greater. If you have to take the sick person out of...
,Individuals also vary in their basal temperatures (0.3F). A fever is defined as a temperature of 101F or higher in an infant younger than three months or above...
,"A fever is defined as a temperature greater than 99.5 axillary (under arm) or. 100.5 rectal. These numbers are the actual reading off of the thermometer,."
,"A fever is defined as a temperature of 100F or higher. If symptoms occur while at school, the student must be picked up as soon as possible to go home. Contact..."
,"In-ear digital thermometer A fever is defined as a body temperature that is higher than the normal range (For adults, some believe it is greater than 37.5 degrees..."
,"A fever is an important part of the body's natural defense against infection. Although a fever is not an illness, if it exceeds temperatures of 40 degrees Celsius or..."
,"That said, a fever is an important part of your body's defense against infection and inflammation. Most bacteria and viruses thrive best at the normal body..."
,A fever is an expression of inner rage. - Julia Roberts.
,... In Children; Fever In Children Aftercare Instructions; Fever In Children Discharge Care En Espanol. A fever is an increase in your child's body temperature.
,A fever is an adaptive response that decreases microbial reproduction and increases the inflammatory response. Learn more from our experts about fevers.
,"A fever is an elevation in body temperature >/= 100.4 degrees. Fevers are very common in children, and are generally not harmful unless they climb above 106..."
,"A fever is an extremely common symptom related to many conditions, most of which are benign. An increase in body temperature is most often..."
,"A fever is an abnormally high body temperature. Most of the time this is a normal response to infection. However, just because your child has a slight fever does..."
,"A fever is an increase in your child's body temperature. It is part of the body's normal response to infections, and it plays an important role in fighting such..."
,A fever is an increase in body temperature above the normal range. But the definition of normal can vary from person to person.
,"A fever is an increase in the body's normal temperature. In most children, normal body temperature is between 97.4 and 100.2 degrees. Fahrenheit (36.3 and..."
,"A fever is an elevation of the body temperature significantly above the normal range. Notice I said significantly - ""Doctor, she has a fever of 99 rectally!"" ""Oh my ..."
,"A fever is an indication of an inflammation or infection. Aside from running a temperature, a fevered dog's hair would noticeably be lackluster,..."
,A fever is an important natural defense against germs. People getting chemo are more likely to have infections because they have lower numbers of the white...
,"A fever is an elevated body temperature. It's a symptom, not an illness. Similar to vomiting or diarrhea, it's a flag that something is not right in the body, explains..."
,"A fever is an expression of inner rage. Julia Roberts Expression, Rage, Inner The 3-point shot has created a situation in the game akin to 'Lotto' fever."
,"A fever is an infant's natural way of fighting an infection. An infant's immune systems is not as developed as adult's, so they are prone to get sudden fevers that..."
,"A fever is an increase in body temperature above the normal range. However, body temperature varies between people, with different levels of..."
,"The fever is an alarm and defence system in our body. Therefore, when we have it, we shouldn't eliminate it. What we have to do is to try to reduce it. If we have a..."
,What is low-grade fever? A fever is an increase in the body temperature above normal. A low-grade fever is a mild elevation of the temperature...
,"A fever is an increase in body temperature above the normal range. However, body temperature varies between people, and also with different levels of activity, ..."
,"A fever is an increase of normal internal body temperature, which is a sign that the body is fighting an infection. The most common reason for fevers in infants..."
,"In older infants and young children, a fever is any rectal temperature of 100.4F ( 38C) or higher. A rectal temperature between 99F (37.2C ) and 100 F..."
,"If your child is under 3 months old, a fever is any temperature over 100.4 F (38 C). If your child is over 3 months old, the definition of a fever is..."
,A fever is any body temperature above 98.6 degrees F. (37 degrees C.). 2. Fevers can be dangerous for young children and should always be treated with a ...
,"A fever is any rise in the child's body temperature above the normal of 98.6 degrees F. 2. When the fever reads 105 degrees F, it can be..."
,"In older infants and young children, a fever is any rectal temperature of 101 degrees or higher. Call the doctor if your 3-6 month old has a temperature of 101 or..."
,"A fever is any temperature over 99 degrees. A high fever is usually considered anything over 101 degrees. Once the fever hits over 104, the person is at rick for ..."
,Definition. A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100 F (37.8 C). Description. A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97 F (36.1 C)...
,A fever is any temperature over normal. Your child's fever may or may not need to be treated. How do I measure my child's temperature? You can choose either...
,"By definition, a fever is any temperature over 38 degrees Celsius, or 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit. The significance how high a temperature rises is debatable, ..."
,"A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100F (37.8C). A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97F (36.1C) and 100F (37.8C), with..."
,"... to 100.5 degrees Fahrenheit, whereas a normal reading from under the armpit is 98 to 99.5 degrees Fahrenheit. A fever is any reading above these ranges."
,Fever. Definition. A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100.4F (38C). ..... Definition. A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100 F (37.8 C).
,Definition. A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100.4F (38C). Description. A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97F (36.1 C)...
,A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100.4F (38C). Description. A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97F (36.1C) and 100F...
,"A fever is any temperature between 99.6 105F. Fever that results in brain damage is a fear that many parents have, but this concern is not warranted."
,"In older infants and young children, a fever is any rectal temperature of 101 degrees F or higher. A rectal temperature between 99 and 100 degrees F is a..."
,"In infants, a fever is any temperature more than 100.5F (38C). It may be caused by a bacterial or viral infection. If it is a bacterial infection, it is called sepsis."
,A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100 F (37.8 C). A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97 F (36.1 C) and...
,A fever is any body temperature that's higher than normal. While everyone's temperature varies and can change depending on the time of day...
,"A fever is any temperature 100 F [37.8 C] or greater. Symptoms of a fever may include headache, muscle aches, and episodes of chilling followed by sweating."
,instructions). Normal oral temperature is 37 degrees Celsius. (98.6 degrees Fahrenheit). A fever is any oral temperature above 38 degrees Celsius (100.4.
,"A fever is any temperature over 100.4. This policy can be found in the student handbook, on the district website, and the Laurel Mountain..."
,Fever over 37.8: a fever is any body temperature elevation over 37.8?C. See detailed information below for a list of 10 causes of Fever over...
,A fever is any temperature greater than 100 (measured in the arm pit). Fevers are never dangerous. They don't cause brain damage. They are simply a symptom...
,"A fever is any temperature over 102. A severe temperature is one that reaches 106, and typically when a horse has a fever this high, recovery..."
,A fever is any temperature above [fill in the blank]. Answers in degrees Fahrenheit were converted to degrees Celsius prior to analysis.
,"A fever is any temperature above [fill in the blank]. Additionally, the researchers asked parents to rate the importance of giving antipyretics for a..."
,"A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100F (37.8C). The fever surveillance system is composed of all of the clinics, outpatients of the..."
,A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100 F (37.8 C). Description. A healthy person's body temperature fluctuates between 97 F...
,The normal body temperature is. 98.6 F but maybe slightly higher or lower for many individuals. A fever is any body temperature elevation over 100.0 F (37.8C) .
,"Technically, a fever is any body temperature over 98.6 degrees Fahrenheit (37 degrees Celsius), which is considered normal. However, body temperature..."
,A fever is any temperature between 99.6 - 105F ---> anything greater than 105 F is not a fever and you should go to a hospital (that will...
,A fever is characterized by an elevation of body temperature beyond the normal range (98-100 degrees).
,"The fever is characterized by mild symptoms including headache, fatigue, body pain, skin rash and swollen lymph glands, which can last..."
,"The fever is characterized by sudden onset, high temperatures, severe headaches, joint and muscle pain, nausea, vomiting and skin rashes. It is also known as..."
,"The fever is characterized by weakness, muscle pain, headache and sore throat. The victim's eyes turn bright red, and starts vomiting blood. The tongue peels..."
,"The fever is characterized by an increase of heat, a quick pulse and an impaired state of several bodily functions. A fever usually starts with a gradual approach..."
,"The fever is characterized by dry burning heat, great thirst, restlessness, anguish about the heart, yellow, livid countenance, dry and parched..."
,A fever is characterized by elevated body temperature while only being the symptom of another underlying condition. Fevers are often seen in...
,"The fever is characterized by its being intermittent or remittent. When the temperature is low, sweating is a feature. The pulse becomes rapid and weak, when the..."
,"The fever is characterized by morning remis- sions, may reach 106F, and can last up to 3 weeks in severe cases. Restlessness, insomnia, and delirium."
,"The fever is characterized by morning remis- sions, may reach 106F, and can last up to 3 weeks in severe cases. Restlessness, insomnia, and delirium."
,"The fever is characterized by an eruption which appears usually on the third day, and is first seen the wrists and ankles, then on the arms, legs, forehead, back,..."
,A fever defined as the following: o less than six months of age - a temperature of 100F or higher axillary (under the arm) or 101F or higher aural (in the ear).
,"A fever defined as an oral temperature of 100.4 (Degree) F (38.0 (Degree)C) or greater, rectal temperature of 101.4 (Degree) F (38.4 (Degree)C) or greater,..."
,A fever defined as the following: less than six months of age - a temperature of 100F or higher auxiliary (under the arm) or 101F or higher aural (in the ear).
,"The fever known as ague and malaria, which was the scourge of early settlers in Canada, was very prevalent in Oakville. Ague was associated with swamps..."
,"The fever known as congestive has assumed a great degree of interest of late from its ravages in some parts of our country, particularly at the west. This fever..."
,"The fever known as puerperal or childbed fever is caused by an infection within the uterus, causing a febrile state resulting from the infection of the endometrium ..."
,"""Even as moguls shut down their Christmas lights in Bel-Air to head out to the yacht in St. Bart's, a fever known as 3D is gripping Hollywood."
,"Fever is the body's reaction to infection. Through mechanisms that aren't known well, some aspect of infection and/or inflammation causes the brain to reset its..."
,Fever is the body's normal way of fighting infection. Fever lets us know that something is going on it's a flag for us to keep an extra watch on how a child is ...
,"Fever is a sign of a variety of medical conditions, including infection. Your normal temperature may differ slightly from the average body temperature of 98.6 F (37..."
,Fever is a defensive measure of the body against the germs: the life cycles of the germs are disrupted when the body temperature rises. About 38 C (100.4 F)...
,"In young infants, fever is a major concern because their immune system is immature. For an older child with a fever, watch the child carefully for changes in ..."
