,A font is a font is a font. Typographic Design. Advanced Photoshop Magazine Issue 75. Cover design for the In-Depth Feature: Typographic Design by: Andrei...
,"In traditional typography, a font is a particular size, weight and style of a typeface. Each font was a matched set of metal type, one piece (called a ""sort"") for each..."
,A font is a set of printable or displayable text character s in a specific style and size. The type design for a set of fonts is the typeface and variations of this design...
,"A font is a set of text characters in a certain style and size for printing or for computer documents. ... The font is a typeface of a particular size, weight and style."
,"Overall I like it, the font is a good choice but the tracking is a bit open. Reply. Share . Randy. 5 years ago. Two (very) different logos? Reply."
,"The font is a bit weird, I agree, but nonetheless very cool. Maybe changing the color of the text to match the colors of the eye? And maybe the eye being the..."
,"A font is a design for a set of characters. It is a blend of typeface, size, spacing, and pitch. It defines the way each character looks. There are literally millions."
,"A Font is a special kind of sprite that contains letters, numbers, and symbols. (Actually, the fact that is is a special sprite has almost no practical implication....a..."
,"6. I baptise you in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit. 7. The font is a symbol of the womb. It is the womb of Mary, Mother of the Church."
,"The font is a standard 12-point size or larger;. a professional vita, maximum three pages long;. three letters of support from individuals and groups who are..."
,... the font is a little bit different and the number is of course wrong :) i posted a real photo here: http://forums.getpebble.com/discussion/5494/app-kanto-pokedex)...
,"A font is a set of characters in a specific iteration of a typeface 54 point Cala light italic is a font. A font is a specific size, weight, and style of a..."
,A font is a file that contains a character set that can be used by your ... may include comparing the top of the number 4 to determine if the font is a serif or sans...
,"The font is defined as Arial, Helvetica Sans-serif. This means the Arial font will be a browser's primary font choice. If Arial is not installed the browser will display..."
,"The font is defined as ''Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif''. This means the Verdana font will be a browser's primary font choice. If Verdana is not installed the..."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,A font is defined as having a particular character set. Column. A vertical sub-division of the page whose width is equal to the HMI (horizontal motion index).
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,A font is defined as all the symbols and characters of a particular typeface for a given point size. Most of new word processor software programs provide easy...
,"Results 5 - 10 ... The font is defined as sans-serif and rather large. This site, however, shows clearly how difficult it is to make sure the user gets the result the..."
,A font is defined as having a particular character set. Column. A vertical sub-division of the page whose width is equal to the HMI (horizontal motion index).
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary depending on your PC."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary depending on your PC."
,"in windows help, a font is defined as: a graphic design applied to a collection of numbers, symbols, and characters. a font describes a certain typeface, along..."
,A font is defined as a group of characters sharing similar type attributes. The default font used in a presentation is determined by the theme that is applied to the...
,"The font is defined as 'Font', you can use whatever font you want, but it is recommended to use standard fonts, so that everyone can see it fine..."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,"The font is defined as Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif. This means the Verdana font will be a browser's primary font choice. If Verdana is not installed the..."
,"A font is defined as web safe when it is installen on a great number of user's computers. They are also called system fonts, and can vary..."
,There are also some specialized character sets that are used for specific applications like mathematics. A font is defined as having a particular character set.
,"A font is an object which determines the appearance of text. More... class, wxFontList. A font list is a list containing all fonts which have been..."
,"A font is an object which determines the appearance of text. Fonts are used for drawing text to a device context, and setting the appearance of a..."
,"The font is an octagonal bowl of the 12th century. It was dug up in the rectory garden, having possibly been buried there during the. English Civil War (1642-51)."
,"Understanding Font Families & Applying Styles. A font is an individual style and weight, for example, Times Bold. A family is a collection of these individual fonts."
,The Font is an attribute of your Printer File. Create a PRTF with a different font and use that as the Printer for you query. OR do an OVRPRTF...
,"A font is an object which determines the appearance of text, primarily when drawing text to a window or device context. A font is determined by the following..."
,A font is an instantiation of a master for a given face. Every font has an associated character map. A character map is a table of entries that maps integer values...
,The font is an attached Latin type. The drawing of the letters was all done using the Arabic calligraphic reed pen and based on the Naskh Calligraphic Style.
,"The font is an elegant Regency design, dating from 1810. Above the font is a relief of St Giles which was formerly on the St Giles National School in Endell Street..."
,"The font is an oddity, with tracery designs that seem to be for clerestory windows in a much larger church. Another intriguing survival, and perhaps the only..."
,"A font is an object which determines the appearance of text, primarily when drawing text to a window or device context. A font is determined by the following..."
,"A font is an object which determines the appearance of text, primarily when drawing text to a device context. A font is determined by seven properties:."
,"The font is an original tub-shaped font, possibly 12th century and then recut in the 14th century. In the background is a modern Madonna and Child, sculpted in..."
,"The font is an ""integrated"" EUDC/PUA font if it contains standard characters as well as EUDCs. The system default EUDC/PUA font is a font that the operating..."
,"Strictly speaking, a font is an instance of a typeface with a particular size and style. In a programming language, you might say it this way:"
,"The font is any type available on the users machine. Each character of the created text string can be made up of many curves. For example, the letter ""O"" in font..."
,"Not sure, but it a vector clipart type of logo. The font is any one of the specialized fonts you can find all over the place. It's actually pretty amateurish and I would..."
,The font is characterized by an unordinary light grey color. C:UsersTodd SchaefferAppDataLocalMicrosoftWindowsTemporary Internet Files
,"A font is characterized by its typeface, style, and size. The font typeface determines the specific characteristics of the glyphs, such as the relative width of the thick..."
,is based on lettering of Lviv tram stands describing the city tram routes. The font is characterized by brutal simplicity bordering with primitivity.
,"The font is characterized by the asymmetrical and squarish serifs which embeds a calligraphic personality, slight curve to the straight strokes and wide..."
,"In Java, a font is characterized by a font name, a style, and a size. The available font names are system dependent, but you can always use the following four..."
,"In Java, a font is characterized by a font name, a style and a size. To work with the fonts, Java provides the Font class. The Font class represents fonts, which are..."
,"In Java, a font is characterized by a font name, a style, and a size. The available font names are system dependent, but you can always use the following four..."
,is based on lettering of Lviv tram stands describing the city tram routes. The font is characterized by brutal simplicity bordering with primitivity.
,"In Java, a font is characterized by a font name, a style, and a size. The available font names are system dependent, but you can always use the following four..."
,... Trapharet 2D is based on lettering of Lviv tram stands describing the city tram routes. The font is characterized by brutal simplicity bordering with primitivity.
,"... A helper class to set up the FontInfo object with the apropriate font metrics. OutlineFont, A font defined as a set of lines and curves as opposed to a bitmap font."
,"A font defined as 10px will look the same as a font whose baseline is 10px/0.625ems and is styled to be 1em, which will be the same as a font..."
,A font known as Pastor of Muppets designed by Ray Larbie is very similar to the font used in the latest logo of Metallica. You can download the font for free here...
,Example: A font identified as Zapf-Calligraphic801-SWA has the filename 3013A___.PFB. FONTRES.DAT points from the font ID name to the actual filename:
,"A correction: The font identified as ""Liberation Sans"" (which it was supposed to be) for the type ""music gallery"" was actually shown as a Myriad..."
,"A correction: The font identified as ""Liberation Sans"" (which it was supposed to be) for the type ""music gallery"" was actually shown as a Myriad default. The final..."
,"A correction: The font identified as ""Liberation Sans"" (which it was supposed to be) for the type ""music gallery"" was actually shown as a Myriad default. The final..."
,A correction: The font identified as Liberation Sans (which it was supposed to be) for the type music gallery was actually shown as a Myriad default. The final...
