,"In computer networking and telecommunication, a frame is a digital data transmission unit that includes frame synchronization, i.e. a sequence of bits or symbols..."
,"2) In time-division multiplexing (TDM), a frame is a complete cycle of events within ... 3) In film and video recording and playback, a frame is a single image in a..."
,"From the perspective of your javascript, a frame is a window object. Every window has its own set of objects and variables. A variable that is global ( declared..."
,A frame is a region in a browser window that can display an HTML document independent of what's being ... The frame is a container that holds the document.
,"Yess = Greatest frame ever built . the frame is a work of art , its perfect to ride in evey way and has fully improved evey aspect of my riding , its soooo hard to find ..."
,How to Make Frames (Main Windows). A Frame is a top-level window with a title and a border. The size of the frame includes any area designated for the border.
,The frame is a rectangle with a rectangle cut out of it. The area of the frame is 4*6 =24 square inches. So the area of the big rectangle (frame and picture) is 48...
,"Simply put, a frame is a web browser window within another web browser window. By using frames, you can create web pages consisting of multiple windows."
,A frame is a structure composed of several members that are either fixed or pin connected at their ends. It is often necessary to draw shear and moment.
,A frame is a rectangular region on a form that holds other controls and groups the controls into a single set. It is a rectangular outline with an optional title.
,"In modern cars and other vehicles, the frame is a highly engineered crash- absorption component that can help to protect you and your family in a collision by..."
,"A frame is a special type of window that can display multiple, independently scrollable ... Because a frame is a type of window, you refer to frames and navigate..."
,"A frame is a window whose size and position can (usually) be changed by the user. It usually has thick borders and a title bar, and can optionally contain a menu..."
,The frame is a snapshot (pixmap) of the current axes or figure. F = getframe gets a frame from the current axes. F = getframe(h) gets a frame from the figure or...
,"In Java, a frame is a standard graphical window. It has minimize, maximize, and close buttons in its top right corner and can be moved and resized by default."
,"(3) f > 0, the frame is a mechanism with f degrees of freedom. The r] values of the joints can be determined by mere inspection but the number of actual joints..."
,The frame is a little tweaked and someone previously re-dished the wheel to adjust for the fact. I've done this on older beat up bikes. The frame...
,"AMS subject classifications. 42C15, 42C40, 20C15, 05B20, 15A60. 1. Introduction. A frame is a set of vectors in a real or complex Hilbert space."
,"The frame is a structure, almost always of wood or metal, that contains, supports, and protects the artwork and the other elements listed below, and usually..."
,Frame is a content control that supports navigation.
,A frame is defined as the outside border that holds something in place on all sides.noun. An example of frame is the enclosed wood structure that holds a picture...
,Note: The frame is defined as the part of the opponent's body below the neck that is presented to the blocker. A defensive player may not tackle or hold an...
,A frame is defined as two jointly occurring words with one word intervening. Qualitative and quantitative results from distributional analyses of six different...
,A frame is defined as a player/team pitching all their bags to the opposite end of the court. Players must pitch all their bags from the same pitching area during a...
,A frame is defined as the graphics image produced by as a result * of all the canvas draws operation executed between two successive * calls to isFreshFrame.
,A frame is defined as an image belonging to video sequences. Each frame with the same or different size of original input sequences is searched by the same or ...
,A frame is defined as two jointly occurring words with one word intervening. Qualitative and quantitative results from distributional analyses of six different.
,A frame is defined as the play from one end of a court. A match is decided based upon the first team to score a prescribed number of points. 6. A coin flip will...
,"In geneid, the frame is defined as the number of nucleotides (0,1,2) from the first nucleotide in the exon sequence to the the first nucleotide in the first..."
,A frame is defined as 4 balls from each team being thrown at the pallino. Then a different group of 4 players may throw the next frame. If a team has less than 4...
,Static (IP is permanent) Dynamic (DHCP gives client IP address). Packets vs. Frames. A frame is defined as the unit of data transferred across a network.
,Note: The frame is defined as the part of the opponent's body below the neck that is presented to the blocker. SteelersNick. Ramon Foster...
,51) and for sorting the pieces of information for analysis. The frame is defined as the principle of organization which governs the subjective meanings we assign...
,"A frame is defined as a set of vectors {vi | i=1, , N} and a point o. Set of vectors { vi} are bases of the associate vector space; o is an origin of the frame; N is the..."
,A frame is defined as one frame of metacode. Each FSG must be ended with a full line of equal signsthat is how RIP knows that it has reached the end of the...
,The frame is defined as the welded metal base of the unit and does not include any parts that can be removed. PARTS FIVE YEARS. VISION FITNESS...
,"A frame is defined as an 'interpretative schema that simplifies and condenses the world out there by selectively punctuating and encoding objects, situations,..."
,"cleared, the screen will go to the next screen (explained below). Frame Text Screen: A frame is defined as what your sign is able to display at any given time."
,(The frame is defined as the welded metal base of the unit and does not include any parts that can be removed.) MOTOR 3 YEARS. Tempo Fitness warrants the ...
,"According to this view, a frame is an observer plus a coordinate lattice constructed to be an orthonormal right-handed set of spacelike vectors perpendicular to a..."
,"A frame is an artificial intelligence data structure used to divide knowledge into substructures by representing ""stereotyped situations."" Frames are connected..."
,"According to this view, a frame is an observer plus a coordinate lattice constructed to be an orthonormal right-handed set of spacelike vectors perpendicular to a..."
,"In short, a frame is an emphasis in salience of differ- ent aspects of a topic. While agenda-setting theory deals with the salience of issues, framing is concerned..."
,"If the field is greater than '05DC', the frame is an EtherType field and is an Ethernet Version 2 frame. IEEE 802.2 is not part of the definition of..."
,"The frame is an Ethernet II frame, with type values starting at 1536 (600 hex). <= 1500 bytes: value corresponds to a length field. The frame is an IEEE 802.3..."
,The frame is an acrylic box frame; these frames are available at many craft and hobby . stores. Make sure the frame is large enough to fit the image of the shirt.
,"A frame is an active perspective that both describes and perceptually changes a given situation. A frame is, simplistically, a point of view; often, and particularly..."
,"value is greater than 1536, the frame is an optional type frame, and the. Length/ Type field value identifies the particular type of frame being sent or received."
,"The frame is an Orange Elite, and was not supplied with any separate races. I only think it is zero stack because I used the cane creek headset..."
,"The frame is an IEEE 802.3 format (or derivative) with a maximum data length of ... The frame is an Ethernet II frame, with type values starting at 1536 (600 hex)."
,"Guitars: Soheil Zarrin Kelk: Explode Bass: Mohammad Nik: Death Tune Biography: The Frame is an Experimental/Progressive Metal Band from Tehran, Iran."
,"A frame is any payoff relevant preference parameter broadly defined to include psychological considerations such as reference points, beliefs, emotions..."
,"A frame is any list, material or device that delimits, identifies, and allows access to the elements of the survey population. Frames are generally..."
,"A frame is any list, material or device that delimits, identifies, and allows access to the elements of the survey population. Frames are generally..."
,"functional characteristics. 3.4 Frame. The frame is any construction system fitted and united together, designed for mounting or supporting electrical or electronic..."
,The frame is any metal part of the vehicle. Never ground the amplifier to the negative connection on the battery: It will drain the battery. Bolt the powered...
,A frame is any point. in time where catches and throws occur (simultaneously). A frametime is the. time interval between successive frames. For any particular...
,"Broadly defined, a frame is any system of concepts. Our LSR model is seen as a tool for building hierarchies and sub-hierarchies, as well as sets of horizontal..."
,"A frame is any complete lattice A, satisfying the infinite distributive law: a Sup B = Sup{a b | b B}. (7). Roughly speaking, in one sense point-free..."
,"Or rather, a frame is any system of concepts that relate and in order to understand any one concept, we must understand the whole system in which that concept..."
,"A frame is any complete lattice which is ( )-distributive. Theorem. In a cLa, the - stable elements form a subframe. Theorem. In a cBa, any subframe creates a..."
,"A frame is any list, material or device that delimits, identifies, and allows access to the elements of the survey population. Frames are generally of two types: area..."
,"A frame is any payoff relevant preference parameter broadly defined to in$ clude psychological considerations such as reference points, beliefs..."
,"A frame is any single picture that appears on the screen. If you push the 'still' button on your video recorder, you will momentarily stop the film you are watching..."
,A frame is any complete lattice that obeys the infinite distributivity law x iI xi = iI(x xi). Let Frm be the category of frames. Its opposite category Loc =.
,A frame is any set of vectors that spans the vector space. Thus the representation of an element might not be unique. Definition 4. Let H be a...
,"A frame is any translation of Rkn in the plane, and the anchor of a frame is its SW corner. If we move a frame so that its anchor lies on [0], then..."
,"A frame is any sextuple on which a model is based. For A a set of formulas and '?I a model as above, % I= A, A is valid in 2l, if (VAcd)((%, 2) ,4). For 3 a frame,..."
,The frame is characterized by a 5-storey residential RC flat slab construction over a 2-storey retail area. The column layout in the residential area was dictated by...
,The frame is characterized by it's short chain stays that allow easy handling in tight section and the skate park. The moderate length top tube in combination with...
,"The frame is characterized by a low price, simple construction and handling, elastic stiffness, low mechanical susceptibility and safety. It can be equipped with a..."
,DT-based: A frame is characterized by computing the. Decode Time on a particular hardware platform this corresponds to the (semi-)automated hardware-.
,"A frame is characterized by the magnitude of the optical flow,. i.e., . (4). Each score is subtracted a constant c, such that we introduce positive and negative score..."
,The frame is characterized by oversized carbon everything with the exception of the seatstays which are titanium: Now Dedacciai has decided...
,"In multicode MF-TDMA [3], a frame is characterized by a set of frequency assignments (FA), spreading codes and time slots. Fig. 1 gives an example of a valid..."
,A frame is characterized by a set of vectors that are linear dependent. This set often leads to a straightforward expansion resembling that of an orthogonal or...
,"The frame is characterized by a marked sloping geometry and the tube differentiated head tube, while the BB set hosts a Press Fit 86mm. The four links rear..."
,"lar temporal frame waveform. A frame is characterized by the temporal waveform x, its temporal alignment Z, and its channel amplitudes v..."
,"The frame is characterized by a marked sloping geometry and the tube differentiated head tube, while the BB set, quite big, hosts a Press Fit 86mm. The four..."
,"In this view, the frame is characterized by its implementation as a measurement system or observer. In this implementation, a frame typically has three types of..."
,"Thus, a frame is characterized by a vector [cl,. . ., cn] where ci e {1, .-. ., M} is the transmission set assigned to slot i and M = ICI where I - is the..."
,"The frame is characterized by exible columns, weak joints and strong beams with non-ductile reinforcement detailing. The rst, third and h."
,The frame is characterized by four notches squared-off edging and a deep bronze finish. Beveled glass provides a dash of luxury and the mirror may be hung...
,"The frame is characterized by flexible columns, weak joints, and strong beams with nonductile reinforcement detail- ing. The first, third, and fifth specimens (11,..."
,"Due to the high cost of aluminum, the frame is characterized by a single T-slotted tracked post rather than the original two smaller posts, which..."
,"In this view, the frame is characterized by its implementation as a measurement system or observer. In this implementation, a frame typically..."
,The frame is characterized by the soft principal triangle and it presents a very strong steering column which gives more control to the bike. All the components...
,"The frame is characterized by a marked sloping geometry and the tube differentiated head tube, while the BB set hosts a Press Fit 86mm. The four links rear..."
,14. Sept. 2006 ... The frame is characterized by an extraordinary robustness and stability for a folding bike. The frame and forks can accommodate V-. Brakes or...
,"The frame described as bent and twisted, not soldered. Only off by 300 years or so. This picture shows pantoscopic frames which were probably made as..."
,"As noted in Table 2, the frame described as 1721.75 in. B is the same shield as 1721.75 in., except it was installed upside down from..."
,"In fact, a frame defined as ""monocoque"" of a standard production is ready at this stage and comes out from its mold in size S-M-L (predefined measures to which..."
,"A frame defined as the domains model, will be presented for managing both theoretical and organisational contexts, as one example of a..."
,"When Internet Explorer 4.0 or later is the browser, the frame identified as similar_frame in the above frameSet example contains a template in which the table..."
,The frame identified as the default frame will automatically be the target of all URL script commands embedded in the Windows Media stream with no additional...
,"as.data.frame is a generic function with many methods, and users and packages can supply further methods. If a list is supplied, each element is converted to a..."
