,"A patent is a grant from a government that confers upon an inventor the right to exclude others from making, using, selling, importing, or offering an invention for..."
,Patents. What is a patent? A patent is a is a statutory monopoly granted by the Patent Office on behalf of the state which allows the proprietor of the patent to stop...
,"The patent is a division of the application which led to the issuance of U.S. Patent No. 6,964,784. Eight claims have been allowed directed to the method for..."
,A patent is a temporary government-granted monopoly right on something made by an inventor. The historical purpose of the patent system...
,A patent is a limited property right the government gives inventors in exchange for their agreement to share details of their inventions with the public. Like any...
,"Patent Infringement - What is a Patent?A patent is a type of intellectual property, consisting of an exclusive set of rights granted by a sovereign entity to an..."
,"A patent is a legal title which allows its holder the exclusive exploitation of his invention within a particular territory, for a limited time. Patents are published."
,"A patent is a right granted for any device, substance, method or process which is new, inventive and useful. It is legally enforceable and gives you (the owner)..."
,A patent is a monopoly right granted by the Crown to encourage invention and commercial exploitation of inventions. A granted patent gives the...
,"A patent is a grant from a patent office, such as the United States Patent Office. ""Patent Pending"" is a phrase that an application for a patent has been filed and is..."
,"A patent is a right provided an inventor to exclude others from making, using and selling an invention. In the United States, only an inventor can receive a patent..."
,"A patent is a grant by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) to a patent owner or inventor for utility, plant or design inventions."
,Patent. A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted to an inventor for a limited period of time in exchange for a disclosure of an invention.
,"A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state (national government) to an inventor or their assignee for a limited period of time, usually 20 years,..."
,"A patent is a limited set of rights granted to the owner of an invention in exchange for disclosing the invention for the public's benefit. In short, a patent gives the..."
,"Patent Prosecution: A patent is a group of rights, conferred by the federal government, to inventors that create a new, useful and non-obvious inventions."
,"A patent is a business tool which allows you to secure commercial gains from your invention, for example, a patent may be sold for a lump sum, licensed based..."
,A patent is a grant of protection for an invention. It's granted by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) and has a term of 14 to 20 years. Owning a patent...
,A patent is a limited duration property right relating to an invention. The definition of patent usually refers to an exclusive right granted to anyone who invents any...
,"In other words, a patent is a right to stop competition for the invention for a limited period. This right to stop competition exists only in the country for which a..."
,A patent is a government-granted right to exclude competitors from practicing an invention for a limited period of time - formerly 17 years from the date of issue...
,"A patent is a property right granted by the federal government to an inventor of a method, machine, process, or other invention. That property right allows the..."
,A patent is a set of exclusive legal rights granted by a state (national government) to an inventor or its assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for a...
,A patent is a legal right given by the Government to the patentee to exclusively exploit an invention described and claimed in the patent specification. The patent...
,Patent Law. A patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state to an inventor or their assignee for a limited period of time in exchange for a public disclosure...
,"in wikipedia, a patent is defined as:a patent is a set of exclusive rights granted by a state to a person for a fixed period of time in exchange for..."
,"A patent is defined as the title granted by the State for the exclusive exploitation, for a specified period of time, of a new and useful invention ."
,"A patent is defined as a grant by the United States federal government that permits its owner to exclude others from making, using, or selling a..."
,A patent is defined as a property right for a technology granted by the government to the inventor. A patent in the United States gives inventors exclusivity to the...
,"A patent is defined as A PORTABLE COMMUNICATIONS DEVICE, which has been patented in the United States and the European Union. Comments are..."
,"According to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, a patent is defined as the right to exclude others from making, using, offering for sale, or selling the..."
,1 a patent is defined as: '. . . [a] grant made by a government that confers on an individual fee-simple title to public lands.' (kellogg v. garcia...
,A patent is defined as a public document that demonstrates the use of a new product or process and that consequently gives the patentee...
,Introduction A patent is defined as an exclusive right or rights provided by a government to an inventor for a certain period of time in exchange...
,"A patent is defined as property right granted by a national government that gives the patentee the exclusive right to use, manufacture, or sell an..."
,"A patent is defined as a new, non-obvious invention including processes, machines, methods of manufacture, compositions of matter, and..."
,"standards, the patent is defined as a multi-level tree classification structure, as shown in Figure 1, different sub-categories derived from the..."
,"A patent is defined as a grant of right to exclude others from making, using or selling one's invention. Finally a trademark is any word, name, symbol (e.g., the..."
,"A patent is defined as a grant by the sovereign or state to an inventor or to his assignee giving exclusive rights to make use, exercise and vend an invention for a..."
,"A patent is defined as a group of exclusive rights that a national government can give to either an inventor or their assignee for a specific period of time, provided..."
,"The Definition Of Patent. A patent is defined as a form of ""intellectual property"" which rewards persons whom invent a new and non-obvious: Process Or Method..."
,"A patent is defined as a ""system that protect ideas"", not a system that protects in-in-development prototype. posted on 11 0."
,"A patent is defined as a protective document that confirms ownership, authorship and priority to an object which is protected by the same. Ukraine flag..."
,"A patent is defined as a legal grant issued by a government permitting an inventor to exclude others from making, using, or selling a claimed invention during the..."
,"a patent is defined as: ""2.a. a grant made by a government that confers on an individual fee-simple title to public lands. b. the official document..."
,"A patent is defined as ""the right to exclude others from making, using, offering for sale, or selling."" In other words, no other drug company can..."
,"According to s.3, a patent is defined as ""a document issued under the provisions of this Act to grant protection for an invention or a design."" This definition is..."
,A patent is defined as a form of intellectual property that grants an exclusive monopoly to its holder the patentee for using and protecting an invention...
,"A patent is defined as a set of exclusive rights granted by a government to the creator of an invention the sole right to make, use, and sell that invention for a set..."
,"A patent is defined as ""a grant of some. ,,property ... made by the government ... to one or more individuals."" 45 Clifford and Richter, supra note..."
,A patent is an exclusive right granted by law to applicants / assignees to make use of and exploit their inventions for a limited period of time (generally 20 years...
,"A patent is an asset that can improve competitive advantage and boost profits, yet many biotech firms miss opportunities to take full strategic..."
,"Learn more about patents in the Boundless open textbook. A patent is an amortizable, intangible asset that grants a business the sole right to manufacture and..."
,A patent is an exclusive right granted by the Government for a new invention. The owner of the patent (the patentee) may then exclude others from...
,A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the Government of the United States of America to an inventor to exclude others from...
,A patent is an intellectual property right granted by U.S. Government to an ... to obtain the patent is an undertaking requiring the knowledge of U.S. federal patent...
,"What is a patent? A patent is an exclusive right granted for an invention, which is a product or a process that provides a new way of doing something, or offers a..."
,"Patent registration. A patent is an exclusive right to exploit an invention, i.e. a technical solution to a problem. A patent can be valid for a maximum of 20 years,..."
,A patent is an intangible property right that protects an invention. Intangible property differs from tangible property. Tangible property refers to physical property...
,A patent is an official legal document that's granted to the first individual to file for a patent regarding a particular invention. It legally stops other...
,"A patent is an exclusive right given by law to inventors to make use of, and exploit, their inventions for a limited period of time. By granting the inventor a..."
,"A patent is an exclusive right to use an invention for a certain period of time, which is given to an inventor as compen- sation for disclosure of an invention."
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted by a country to an inventor, allowing the inventor to exclude others from making, using or selling his or her invention in that..."
,"Definition: 'A patent is an exclusive right granted for an invention, which is a product or a process that provides, in general, a new way of doing something,..."
,A patent is an intangible asset that may be depreciated over its remaining life. The sale of a patent usually results in long-term capital gain. Copyright 2008...
,A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the United States .... in the USPTO to obtain the patent is an undertaking requiring the knowledge of patent...
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted to an inventor to make and sell the patented product. Patent prevent farmers from saving or exchanging seed, therefore,..."
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted to an inventor for a fixed time period. A patent excludes others from making, using or selling the item in question for the..."
,Patents. Patent A patent is an exclusive right granted by a sovereign state (national government) to an inventor or their assignee for a limited period of time in...
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted for the protection of new inventions, which are products or processes offering new technical solutions or..."
,"A patent is an intellectual property right, by which a technical invention is protected. It is basically a national right and accordingly underlies the legal provisions..."
,PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS. What are Patents? A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the U.S.. Government to an inventor to exclude others...
,"A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the U.S. government to an ... Because a patent is an exclusionary right, it does not give the patent owner the..."
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted by a state, particularly a national government, to an inventor or assignee, for a limited amount of time in exchange for a..."
,A patent is an exclusive right granted for an invention. Such an invention must be a product or a process that provides a new way of doing...
,"A patent is an exclusive right granted by a government to an inventor to make, use, or sell an invention for a certain number of years. Attorney..."
,"A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the Government of the United States of America to an inventor to exclude others from making, using, offering..."
,"A patent is an agreement between an inventor and a country. The agreement allows the owner to stop third parties from manufacturing, using or selling the..."
,"Patents. What is a patent? A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the Government of the United States of America to an inventor ""to exclude others..."
,"A patent is an intellectual property right granted by a government to an inventor to exclude others from making, using, offering for sale, or selling..."
,"A patent is an intellectual property right granted by the Government of the United States of America to an inventor to exclude others from making, using, offering..."
,A patent is any official document securing a right. An individual could pay for the passage of his wife or any other family member or a friend or associate.
,"According to these specifications, a patent is any process, machine, manufacture, or composition of matter which falls under the requirements of..."
,"Definition: A patent is any application for an invention deemed novel, useful and non-obvious by the patent authority. A patent has the following properties:."
,The patent is characterized by the location of a fixation spot at the middle of the hull and moving spots astern. The patentee limited the scope of the patent.
,"encourage scientific progress.7 As such, the patent is characterized by the right to prevent others from making, selling, or using a patented product or process for..."
,The patent considered as part of a set of more or less related proprietary technologies that serve the corporate future. Asset. The patent as a...
,The patent considered as part of a set of more or less related proprietary ... The patent considered as an informational medium to represent the company's.
,"A patent described as ""Co-Molding Display with Body of Mobile Device"" has been refreshed by the social giant (it was first filed back in 2011),..."
,"The patent known as ""Highly insulating monocrystalline gallium nitride thin films"" refers to a semiconductor component invented by the..."
,"The patent known as ""sensing capacitance changes of a housing of an electronic device,"" was one of 39 newly granted Apple patents..."
,"The patent known as ""Systems and Methods for Enticing Users to Access a Web Site"" was to protect Google's practice of changing its logo to showcase special..."
