,"A plasma is a gas that has been energized to the point that some of the electrons break free from, but travel with, their nucleus. Gases can become plasmas in..."
,"Therefore, a plasma is a bunch of electrons and ions. Plasma Ball. The plasma ball is a miniature Tesla coil. Inside the ball is a coil of wires that have a very high..."
,"A plasma is a quasineutral, electrically conductive fluid. In the simplest case, it is composed of electrons and a single species of positive ions, but it may also..."
,"A useful definition is as follows: A plasma is a quasineutral gas, of charged a neutral particles, which exhibit collective behavior. He further goes..."
,A plasma is a hot ionized gas consisting of approximately equal numbers of positively charged ions and negatively charged electrons. The characteristics of...
,"A plasma is a gas in which an important fraction of the atoms is ionized, so that the electrons and ions are separately free. When does this ionization occur?"
,"A plasma is a gas which is heated to an extremely high temperature and ionized so that it becomes electrically conductive. Similar to GTAW (Tig), the plasma arc..."
,"A plasma is a gas that is significantly ionized (through heating or photoionization) and thus is composed of electrons and ions, and that has a low enough..."
,"have so much energy that when they collide, the electrons get knocked off. Therefore, a plasma is a bunch of electrons and ions (atoms missing their electrons)."
,"Put in other words, the plasma is a greedy conductor of electricity. Suppose it has just enough free electrons to get a current started. The current..."
,A plasma is a gas of charged and neutral particles. But not all ionized gases are plasmas. In order for an ionized gas to be a plasma the gas commonly satisfies...
,Plasma: A plasma is a gas that is composed of free-floating ions (atoms stripped of some electrons - positively charged) and free electrons (negatively charged).
,"Simply stated, a plasma is a gas containing charged particles like electrons and ions. The application of the initial voltage through the power supply creates a..."
,"Plasma: A plasma is a material which has been heated to a temperature where molecules are not stable. In a plasma state, a substance is a mixture of neutral..."
,"A plasma is a ionized gas composed of roughly equal numbers of electrons and ions (quasi-neutral). To keep things simple, we will be..."
,A plasma is a (usually gas-like phase composed of ions of the material. I don't know of a special name given to the condensation of a plasma...
,"A useful definition is as follows: A plasma is a quasineutral gas, of charged a neutral particles, which exhibit collective behavior. (Ref)."
,A more precise definition: a plasma is a quasi- neutral gas of charged and neutral particles which exhibits collective behavior. Examples: Sun...
,"A plasma is a (partially) ionized gas. In the plasmas we deal with, free electrons collide with neutral atoms/molecules and, through a dissociative process, they..."
,"A plasma is a partially ionized gas consisting of positively charged particles (cations), negatively charged particles (electrons and anions), and neutrals."
,"A plasma is a state of matter like a solid, liquid or gas. Adding heat to material causes the molecules in it to vibrate or move more quickly. When a solid is heated,..."
,"For a bedroom, a plasma is a good choice. TVs in a bedroom are mostly watched at night so the glare and lower luminosity of a plasma will not be a problem."
,"A plasma is a fluid, like a liquid or gas, but because of the charged particles present in a plasma, it responds to and generates electro-magnetic forces. There are..."
,"A plasma is a state of matter in which a noticeable part of the atoms are ionised. (e.g. He ) He. +. + e). Even more informally: A plasma is a hot, light-emitting gas."
,"A plasma is a very funny beast. At first blush, a plasma is similar to a gas: it is compressible, it flows, and it will even obey the ideal gas law to..."
,"A plasma is a gas consisting of ions and electrons. An ion is an atom with a positive or negative electrical charge. It is possible to transition between these states,..."
,"A plasma is a very hot gas, hot enough to conduct electricity. It better not touch the walls around it! If it does, it will pass some of its heat to those..."
,"First, what is a plasma? A plasma is a gas of electrically charged particles that behave collectively. Usually, that means protons and electrons in..."
,"A plasma is a very hot gas, where some or all of the atoms are separated into ions & electrons. As the negative and positive charges are free to move, plasma is..."
,A plasma is a sample of matter in which many of the electrons wander around freely among the nuclei of the atoms.
,A plasma is defined as a quasineutral gas of charged and neutral particles which exhibits collective behavior [3]. Plasma can be classified into non-thermal and...
,"In the bland lexicon beloved of physicists, a plasma is defined as an ""ionized gas."" The idea is to distinguish it from the ordinary or ""neutral"" gases of various..."
,"In the bland lexicon beloved of physicists, a plasma is defined as an ""ionized gas."" The idea is to distinguish it from the ordinary or ""neutral"" gases of various..."
,"A plasma is defined as a gas that contains neutral atoms, charged atoms and free electrons. Plasmas are able to generate electro-magnetic forces. See Also:..."
,A plasma is defined as a quasineutral gas of charged and neutral par*cles which exhibits collec*ve behaviour. For an ionized gas to behave like a plasma a...
,the quark-gluon plasma (QGP). The plasma is defined as being a state of matter for which the density of partons (quarks and gluons) is so great...
,"A plasma is defined as a gas that contains neutral atoms, charged atoms and free electrons. Plasmas are able to generate electro-magnetic forces. See Also:..."
,"A plasma is defined as (1+5) ""an ionized gas (as in the atmosphere of stars) containing about equal numbers of positive ions and electrons and differing from an..."
,A plasma is defined as a gas of charged particles in which the potential energy of a typical particle due to its nearest neighbours is much smaller than its kinetic.
,"The plasma is defined as the ratio between the plasma pressure and the magnetic pressure. [Chen, 1983]. It is derived from a simple static solution where."
,"a plasma is defined as: an electrically neutral, highly ionized gas composed of ions, electrons, and neutral particles. it is a phase of matter distinct from solids,..."
,A plasma is defined as an ionised gas It is often descnbed as the fourth state of matter. Plasma Enhanced Chemical Vapour Deposition. [30] facilitates the.
,"A plasma is an electrically conductive gas containing charged particles. When atoms of a gas are excited to high energy levels, the atoms loose hold of some of..."
,"If the gas used is oxygen, the plasma is an effective, economical, environmentally safe method for critical cleaning. The VUV energy is very effective in the..."
,A plasma is an ionized gas. Plasma is called the fourth state of matter. Much of the mass of the universe is in the plasma state. 'Plasma' was coined by...
,"IV. Plasma state of matter. A plasma is an ionised gas that is in state of electrical quasi-neutrality, the behaviour of which is governed by collective effects due to..."
,A plasma is an ionized gas consisting of ions and free electrons distributed over a region in space. The effect of the aerosol operations can lead to no other...
,"A plasma is an ionized gas. However, not all ionized gases are plasmas. In order for an ionized region of a flame to be plasma, it must contain enough charged..."
,"A plasma is an ionized gas, where some electrons have escaped from their atoms and roam freely about the cloud. If it's very cold or very dense..."
,"A plasma is an ensemble of particles electrons e, ions i and neutrals n with different positions r and velocities v which move under the influence of external."
,"I.e., a plasma is an ionized gas, or a partially-ionized gas."" Implies that the potential energy of a particle with its nearest neighboring particles is weak compared..."
,A plasma is an ionized gas consisting of ions (atoms with some of their electrons removed) and free electrons. Hot plasmas are found throughout the universe: in...
,to create an extremely strong electric field and thus attain high particle energies in very short distances. A plasma is an electrically neutral gas.
,"Atoms consist of a nucleus containing protons, neutrons, and electrons that orbit the nucleus. A plasma is an ionized gas. What is Plasma? It is easier to create."
,"A plasma is an ionized, glowing gas. The pressure on the Red Planet is only about one percent of that at sea level on Earth, allowing the plasma to expand more..."
,"A plasma is an ionized gas, consisting of not only neutral gas molecules but also free electrons and charged ions. Though often thought of as..."
,"A plasma is an extremely complex medium, characterized by phenomena that occur on a extremely wide range of temporal and spatial scales, which are all..."
,"In general, a plasma is an ionized gas (excited electrically, thermally or from electromagnetic irradiation) containing electrons, ions, radicals and atoms."
,"ICP-AES utilizes plasma as the atomization and excitation source[20]. A plasma is an electrically neutral, highly ionized gas that consists of."
,A plasma is an ideal medium for particle acceleration since. ~1! plasmas can support very high longitudinal electric fields. ~several hundreds of gigavolts are...
,"A plasma is an ionized gas and represents a fourth state of matter (as in solids, liquids, gases and plasmas). In space, plasmas are very..."
,"A plasma is an ionized gas containing equal numbers of positive and negative charges, and usually a different num- ber of non-ionized neutral molecules."
,"A plasma is an ionized gas consisting of ions and electrons, and it is the material of which the space between our planets is composed. The Institute of Space..."
,"A plasma is an ionized gas, a gas into which sufficient energy is provided to free electrons from atoms or molecules and to allow both species,..."
,The plasma is an ionized gas that when accelerated produces a thrust. The CAT cannot match the thrust provided by the NASA or ISRO's space...
,"Abstract. From the fluid model, the plasma is an isotropic medium. First, it is obtained that the microwave field in a cylindrical cavity filled with plasma, where the..."
,"In physics and chemistry, a plasma is an ionized gas, and is usually considered to be a distinct phase of matter. ""Ionized"" in this case means that at least one..."
,The plasma is an extremely hot state of matter consisting of charged heavy hydrogen nuclei and free electrons swirling around at very high velocities. This level...
,A plasma is an ionised gas in which the nearest neighbour interactions between the electrically-charged constituents (negatively-charged electrons and...
,"A plasma is an electrically conducting high temperature-- at high temperatures the electrons in outer shells can get ""kicked out""...we say the gas is ionized...that..."
,A plasma is any gas in which a significant percentage of the atoms or molecules are ionized. Fractional ionization in plasmas used for deposition and related...
,"Strictly speaking, a plasma is any form of matter that contains an appreciable fraction (>1%) of electrons and positive ions in addition to neutral atoms, radical..."
,"""A plasma is any state of matter which contains enough free, charged particles for its dynamical behavior to be dominated by electromagnetic forces."" G. Parks..."
,"A plasma is any ionized gas, that is, any gas with ions and electrons. Magnetic Reconnection: Magnetic reconnection is the breaking and reconnecting of..."
,"A plasma is any substance that contains charged particles: negatively charged electrons, positively charged ions, or dust particles that have an excess of either..."
,"A plasma is any smooth liquid in which there are suspended particles...In a combustion chamber, plasma has abundant free ions and electrons and therefore..."
,A plasma is any quasi-neutral gas whether fully or only partially ionized that exhibits the collective behaviour described above [7]. As much as 99%.
,"Strictly speaking, a plasma is any form of matter that contains an appreciable fraction. (>1%) of electrons and positive ions in addition to neutral atoms, radicals..."
,"A plasma is any gas in which a significant percentage of the atoms or molecules are ionized, resulting in reactive ions, electrons, radicals and..."
,A plasma is characterized by collective effects. 1.1 Debye shielding. Consider a test particle with a positive charge (11*. In a vacuum it would...
,The plasma is characterized by simultaneous imaging Thomson scattering measurements from both the electron and ion scattering features. The electron...
,"Produced by a thermionic discharge, the plasma is characterized by a low electron temperature and a low density. Plasma confinement is provided by an axial..."
,is 1. The subspace x < 0 is occupied by a magnetoactive plasma with the magnetic field having the oZ direction. The plasma is characterized by the tensor. FI.
,The plasma is characterized by calorimetric energy balances and the powders by on-line aerosol measurement techniques and conventional materials analysis.
,"The plasma is characterized by a uniform electron temperature T and a parabolic density distribution No, (1 - ar2/a2), where No, is the central line density, a the..."
,"In plasma fluid theory, a plasma is characterized by a few local parameters--such as the particle density, the kinetic temperature, and the flow velocity--the time..."
,"The plasma is characterized by both electrical probes and optical emission spectroscopy, obtaining electron density, electron mean energy, atomic hydrogen..."
,"The plasma is characterized by a permittivity tensor; and only the TiLI incident held is considered, as the anisotropy does not affect an incident TE wave."
,"c is the shock velocity. The plasma is characterized by the electron temperature Te, ion temperature Ti, and the temperature Tn of neutrals. The stepwise shock..."
,"In the advanced tokamak scenarios, the plasma is characterized by an internal transport barrier. (ITB), a region of improved confinement of heat and particles..."
,The plasma is characterized by its emission spectra and excitation temperature temporal profiles. The temperature profiles of the plasma are calculated by the...
,"charge. There are ions with different charges in such plasmas. Moreover, the plasma is characterized by high velocity of plasma flow [3]. The MP is immersed in."
,"In the simplest case, the plasma is characterized by an ion charge number Z, and mass Zith, and the laser pulse by its peak power Wm, half-width xu."
,The plasma is characterized by measuring the self bias potential and the saturation ion current as a function of pressure and incident power. The etching results...
,"In literature, a plasma is characterized by the value of the plasma parameter . = (Ze)2 a kT. ,. (1) where a = n1/3 is of the order of the interparticle average."
,"The plasma is characterized by electron and ion densities ne and ni, hydrodynamic velocities ve and vi, and electron pressure pe. The ion temperature is."
,A plasma is characterized by the presence of positive. (and sometimes also negative) ions and charged electrons in a neutral background gas.13 Plasmas can...
,"Although, the plasma is characterized by a relatively low beta, p < 0.6%, with auxiliary heating of only 0.5 MW of NBI power, it was found that the BAAE can be..."
,"The plasma is characterized by its susceptibility tensor leading to the dispersion relation D(w , E) = O. Asymptotic formulae are derived which state that only..."
,The plasma is characterized by an average major radius ^Raxis& and an average plasma ra- dius ^a&. Separate toroidal field coils are not required and poloidal...
,"The plasma is characterized by the steadystate plasma current. Ip, the steady-state line-averaged density ne, and the toroidal field ET. (The term line-average..."
,"netism in the cosmos. A plasma is characterized by partial ioni- zation of its particles, making it strongly responsive to electro- magnetic forces. Plasma-physical..."
,"Plasma is the pale yellow liquid portion of your blood that can be easily replaced by the body. It consists mainly of water and proteins, which help your body..."
,"Plasma is the most common form of visible matter in the universe. The four fundamental states of matter. Clockwise from top left, they are solid, liquid, plasma..."
,"Plasma is the liquid portion of the blood. Blood cells like red blood cells float in the plasma. Also dissolved in plasma are electrolytes, nutrients and vitamins..."
,"Plasma is the fourth state of matter. To undergo nuclear fusion, the fuel must be heated to the point that it becomes plasma. Learn the basics of plasmas here!"
,"Plasma is the liquid part of blood that transports dissolved substances like vitamins, amino acids, mineral salts and glucose around the body and defends it..."
,"Plasma is the pale yellow liquid part of whole blood, in which the cellular elements are suspended. It is enriched in proteins that help fight infection and aid the..."
,"Plasma is the clear, straw-colored liquid portion of blood that remains after red blood cells, white blood cells, platelets and other cellular components are..."
,Plasma is the liquid portion of the blood that serves as a carrier for the red and white cells. It is made up mostly of water and dissolved proteins including...
,Plasma is the only major fluid compartment that exists as a real fluid collection all in one location. It differs from ISF in its much higher protein content and its high...
,"Plasma is the liquid part of your blood. It carries blood cells, hormones, enzymes, and nutrients to your body. TTP is treated with plasma therapy. This includes:."
,"If you have a wide seating area, plasma is the way to go. One other side-effect of most RPTV screens is a speckle/sparkle effect, almost like tiny..."
,"Plasma is the liquid portion of your blood that furnishes it with the right proteins for clotting and is used to help hemophiliacs, among other patients. It is the most..."
,"Plasma is a cloud of protons, neutrons and electrons where all the electrons have come loose from their respective molecules and atoms, giving the plasma the..."
,What is plasma in plasma TVs? Plasma is a gas made up of free-flowing ions and electrons. See what is plasma when you add an electrical current.
,"Plasma is a state of matter. Everything in the Universe is made of stuff called matter. All matter is made of atoms , and it can exist in different states."
,"Plasma is a clear, yellowish fluid (the color of straw). Plasma can sometimes appear milky after a very fatty meal or when people have a high level of lipids in..."
,Plasma is a partially ionized gas mixture capable of numerous surface modification processes. Nordson MARCH is the global leader in plasma technology.
,"Plasma is a yellowish liquid that is mostly water. But it also carries important nutrients, hormones, and proteins throughout the body. Nutrients are chemicals from..."
,"In short, plasma is a partially ionized gas and therefore the ability of the negative charges to move about makes it very responsive to electromagnetic fields."
,"Plasma is a yellow, liquid substance that is part of the roughly 12 pints of blood you have in your body. Through a process called plasmapheresis, you can..."
