,A platform is a crucial element in software development. A platform might be simply defined as a place to launch software. The platform provider offers the...
,The Troll A platform is a condeep offshore natural gas platform in the Troll gas field off the west coast of Norway. It is the tallest construction that has ever been...
,"The platform is a series of statements expressing the party's principles, beliefs, and ... i.e., A Platform is a specific one where all the functionality are predefined."
,"A platform is a stage that gives you and your message leverage and visibility. It's how you make your work matter, how you change lives. In the olden days,..."
,"The platform is a Moses TLP, designed by MODEC International and Sea Engineering."
,A platform is a loosely defined computer industry buzzword that typically means some combination of hardware and system software that will...
,"A platform is a Chinese household. One rich husband. Lots of wives. If the husband abuses one wife, it hurts all the wives. All of sudden food..."
,"and dry weight of 656,000 tons, the Troll A platform is a majestic piece of design and construction. Not only is Troll A among the largest and..."
,"A platform is a handy thing for a few reasons. It protects the floor beneath the weights. It demarcates a lifting space neatly, which is particularly..."
,"A platform is a generic term favoured by the FSA to describe two similar service propositions, fund supermarkets and wraps. Platforms are described by the FSA..."
,"Platform Definition - A platform is a group of technologies that are used as a base upon which other applications, processes or technologies are..."
,"A platform is a codebase on which Aegir can deploy your websites - it could be Drupal 6.15, Drupal 5.21, Pressflow, Prosepoint, Acquia Drupal,..."
,"A platform is a stance or statement containing a political party's thoughts, beliefs and plans put forth prior to an election. Correct answer: (c)..."
,A platform is a combination of hardware and software used to run software applications. A platform can be described simply as an operating...
,"A platform is a political party's formal written statement of its principles and goals, which is put together and issued during the presidential nomination process."
,"1 n-count A platform is a flat, raised structure, usually made of wood, which people stand on when they make speeches or give a performance. Nick finished ..."
,"However to rational society, a platform is a measuring instrument to measure interests among ... The platform is a derivation and vehicle of the party's ideology."
,"... savings of time and money. The platform is a flexible solution that enables the purchase a variety of services, ranging from basic services to complex projects."
,"A platform is defined as any object that the avatar can walk or run across safely. Often objects that serve some other primary purpose, such as item boxes in..."
,A platform is defined as a composition of hardware and software resources. Platform is also an overloaded term with a meaning that varies.
,"For the purpose of this proposal, a platform is defined as a collaborative network of researchers from different institutions with access to infrastructure and..."
,A platform is defined as a stationary flotation area which has been provided by the Organizing Authority located near to the racing area. 1. Except when...
,"Jaguar License Specifications: When it comes to Jaguar, a platform is defined as the hardware, software, and database on which the Jaguar software is built to..."
,"A platform is defined as the collection of assets or elements (i.e., components, modules or parts, choice features, functions, technologies and..."
,"Here, a platform is defined as an infrastructure which allows two distinct markets to interact with each other [2]. For example, Sony. Playstation is a platform, as it..."
,"A platform is defined as a linear system, by which sequential plan can be obtained. We also propose a parallel planning model based on multi-platforms, and..."
,"A platform is defined as a decision-making body (voluntary or statutory), comprising different stakeholders who perceive the same resource management ..."
,"A platform is defined as a combination of hardware, OS and compiler suite. In- house software manages automated runs. Also provides web interface for..."
,"A platform is defined as a set of services, including their specifications, of a generic nature which meet common requirements across policy areas. A module is..."
,"Platforms: .A platform is defined as a specific operating system (such as Windows 95, Macintosh, OS/2, etc.) used by a visitor who accesses a Web site. Errors: ."
,"A platform is defined as a 2-dimensional surface in the x,y-plane on which all the standard gizmos and balls may be placed and gameplay conducted. Each of..."
,"A platform is defined as a working space for persons, elevated above the surrounding floor or ground level, such as a balcony or platform for the operation of..."
,"A platform is defined as the combination of hardware and the most prevalent operating system for that hardware. As an example, a virus can be referred to as an..."
,"A platform is defined as a ""working space for persons, elevated above the surrounding floor or ground, such as a balcony or a platform for the operation of..."
,"And generally, the platform is defined as a set of sharing components. Therefore how to select the sharing components among the products is the key point for..."
,"A platform is defined as the basic host operating systems, which include Windows, UNIX, and the Linux platforms. Supported Databases: Oracle, MS SQL Server..."
,"A platform is defined as a software infrastructure implemented with a specific technology [...] on specified hardware technology ([MDA01], p. 30). More."
,"A platform is defined as ""an elevated working level for persons,"" by section 3215 which also provides that ""balconies and open-sided floors are considered..."
,"SensApp: The platform is defined as a distributed one. As a consequence, a SensApp instance is intended to be deployed on several network nodes. It is part of..."
,A platform is defined as the underlying hardware and software (operating system and software utilities) which will house the system.It is not always the case that...
,"The platform is defined as a set of resources like processing resources, communication media or storage resources. The purpose of this level is to describe..."
,"In the context of IT ecosystems, a platform is defined as ""a set of tools or components that provide building blocks for application providers"" (Eisenmann et al.,..."
,"A platform is defined as a set of components connected through ports. For each port a stereotype, which defines a communication protocol, is attached. A library..."
,A platform is an online service that allows financial advisers to manage their clients' investment portfolios. Some platforms c... Topics. Financial...
,"In computers, a platform is an underlying computer system on which application programs can run or, in general, any base of technologies on which other..."
,The Volkswagen Group A platform is an automobile platform shared among compact and mid-size cars of the Volkswagen Group. It was originally based on the...
,"The Troll A platform is an offshore natural gas platform in the Troll gas field off the west coast of Norway. At 1.2 million ton ballasted under tow,..."
,The platform is an essential cornerstone that contributes to the success of Microsoft Office Outlook 2007. Outlook won't ever have every single feature that...
,"The platform is an embedded box with no RTC. When it boots, I start gpsd, set the local clock to the current time using the gps signal, and then..."
,"South Pass region of the Gulf of Mexico, offshore Louisiana. It was installed in 1967. The platform is an eight-leg template- type structure sited in 104 m of water."
,"The platform is an end-to-end solution, fully dynamic, managed in the cloud and displayable on all mobile devices. Our technology has 2 patents pending."
,The platform is an integrated set of software packages and tools that allows merchants to develop and offer loyalty award and payment products. The platform...
,The platform is an open web standard that enables Web browsers and Web devices to perform Universal Web Payment. PaySwarm fixes the problems with...
,"... Berlin's Circle Line and Westhafen's main landmark, the Behala Building. The platform is an extra feature to the studio apartments' production and living areas."
,The platform is an excellent solution for teaching our students how to speak English. We are also looking forward to working with Parlo to launch its training...
,"The platform is an ideal way to offer intelligent managed Ethernet services for mobile backhaul, Internet access, private line/LAN, VoIP and Video On Demand."
,The platform is an integrated and optimized software system consisting of the critical run-time components and life cycle development tools needed to build...
,"""The platform is an instigator to connecting entrepreneurs around the world. Incredible."" Maximise your Business Travel Find like-minded entrepreneurs..."
,... http://emulate.phonegap.com?url=http://phonegap.com/images. Platform. The platform is the environment to emulate. The platform is an optional parameter.
,The platform is an ELISA format and offers the high-throughput and ease of use associated with this type assay system. We have worked with TB in several...
,"In simple terms, a platform is an administration service for your investments. Many people invest in a number of managed funds, resulting."
,The platform is an excellent fit for these market segments because of its flexible hardware design and agnostic software platform that gives...
,"A platform is an architecture/operating system combination. In the table, clipped means that HTCondor does not support checkpointing or remote system calls on ..."
,The platform is an informal entity of a growing number of member organizations that works towards: A Kenya where there is equitable and sustainable...
,The platform is an initiative from organizations which have created tools for Sustainable Development in Education. The Platform is open to any organisation ...
,"The platform is an enormous investmenttaken with the cost of buying the land, the total price tag is $680 millionthat lays the stage for future..."
,The platform is an aggregation environment that ensures high visibility to all activities and ideas developed to celebrate the Centenary of World...
,"The platform is an extensive software solution that is the foundation for managing content, technology and services programs. Image Installation Services..."
,"2) A platform is any base of technologies on which other technologies or processes are built. Related glossary terms: GSX Server, root partition, SPARC..."
,"A platform is any base of technologies on which other technologies or processes are built. (Pohl et al., 2005). The moment a developer of..."
,"Definition of platform : A platform is any raised surface you can stand on, like the platform beside subway tracks where you wait for the train to arrive."
,A category A platform is any one that doesn't meet this test (and thus includes all platforms on the right as well as most curved platforms). If the OPO equipment...
,The platform is any Internet ready device. . Medoctor will become synonymous with diagnostic engine much likeYandex became synonymous with.
,"A platform is any posting on TPC. A platform could be an article, review, story, video, photograph, or a song. How Do I Add an Article? To add any publication,..."
,"... a dynamic page that only people using a certain platform can experience?"" A platform is any hard/soft-ware system forming the basis for product development."
,"0 A platform is any unique combination of hardware, operating system, compiler, linker ... In general, a platform is any set of unique processing."
,"A platform is any combination of processor and/or operating system. However, there are some notable exceptions. For example, the popular..."
,"A platform is any social media combination of Facebook page, twitter account, blog etc. It's worth knowing that, while you're writing your book,..."
,Another way to think about it is this: a platform is any means of bringing exposure to your book. At this point some will get bent out of shape.
,"A platform is any software service which an ISV's code assumes is present in order for it to function properly. For example, Windows is a platform, because ISVs..."
,A Platform is any system which contains content and dictates behaviors which can be taken within (a platform can be recursive). Content is a...
,"The platform is any one of android, ios or wp. The screen density is how many pixels there are per inch (ppi): ldpi (~120 ppi), mdpi (~160 ppi), hdpi (~240 ppi)..."
,"A platform is any device that holds the rig in place. It could be a mini copter, a tripod, whatever. The big disadvantage of regular helicopters and..."
,A Platform is any object that carries acoustic sources and can change position in the ocean. A Source is a particular type of sound emitter...
,"A platform is any mechanism by which you can regularly connect with an audience. It often involves subscribers or members, but it doesn't have..."
,"Platform: A platform is any device and/or software, which is made specifically for a certain operating system. For example, Apple apps and software are..."
,"The platform is characterized by combining both a technology and a legal solution, since it includes an extensive database for models of administrative..."
,"The platform is characterized by a mixture of technology and traditional aspects in a playful and easily-navigated environment, and is set up to link closely with..."
,"The platform is characterized by its high data throughput capability and processing power. Its compactness will conserve space in the racks, with the possibility..."
,"The platform is characterized by its easy way of placing, modifying and cancelling orders. The convenient way of news reading and searching (from 5 sources,..."
,"The platform is characterized by at least one equipment bay adapted to receive equipment. At least one attachment site is provided on the structural member,..."
,The platform is characterized by the following key features: Unicode based multilingual solution; Customized Graphical User Interface; Multi-media content...
,"A platform is characterized by its vendor, architecture, and set of compiler suites and MPI libraries available for parallel programming."
,The platform is characterized by arguably the best game graphics of all the platforms as well as a very intuitive and easy to navigate playing interface.
,"The platform is characterized by a standard compact case, continuous and precise power control and low power consumption. Moreover, special attention has..."
,"The platform is characterized by a big number of users, that can take advantage from being rated. This is supported by a cooperation with career centers and..."
,"The platform is characterized by the fol- lowing major features: Flexibility, achievable by a software driven system. The authors appear in alphabetical order."
,"The platform is characterized by easy system configuration. This is an important characteristic, because each organization is unique in nature and therefore - the ..."
,"The platform is characterized by the following major features: { Flexibility, achievable by a software driven system. { Duplex communication. { Multiple antennas..."
,A platform is characterized by testable/verifiable: Communications interface(s); API for portable applications; Facilities functionalities; Application processing...
,"The platform is characterized by its flexibility. Due to the need for training in the field of technology tools, more than 40 percent of our teachers..."
,The platform is characterized by enhanced accessibility (loosely used as synonymous to usability). Even though the platform is not accessible to disabled users...
,"The platform is characterized by a standard compact case, continuous and precise power control and low power consumption. Moreover, special attention has..."
,"The platform is characterized by its simple, yet intuitive design, making these films the core focus of the platform; meeting the user on his/her terms in an..."
,"The platform is characterized by a traditional configuration: fixed wing glider airplane, rear-mounted horizontal and vertical stabilizers but driven by a pusher, ..."
,"More specifically, the platform is characterized by an advanced system for audio and video automatic analysis, which can generate real time alerts, in relation to..."
,"The platform is characterized by a modular architecture, while its operation and use can be controlled by the user by means of a lot of tools and..."
,"... teacher attitude toward knowledge platform, the platform considered as a useful knowledge acquisition tool and overall perception of teaching on the platform."
,The platform known as the Nairobi Urban Health and Demographic Surveillance System collects data on two informal settlements - Korogocho...
,"nance and also participated in the Istan- bul Roundtable, a platform identified as a gateway to market players and policy makers from the Russian and CIS coun-."
