,"A project is a temporary endeavor with a defined beginning and end (usually time -constrained, and often constrained by funding or deliverables), undertaken to..."
,"A project is a set of related and specific activities for the purpose of attaining ... beneficiaries should be clearly identified, especially if the project is a social..."
,"A project is a series of tasks, arranged in a defined sequence or relationship that produces a pre-defined output or effect. A project always has a start, middle..."
,"A project is a container for all of the issues, source code, discussions, announcements, and other elements that people work on together to produce a result."
,A project is a way of organizing resource. It is a group of individuals who are assembled to perform different tasks on a common set of objectives for a defined ...
,"A project is a carefully defined set of activities that use resources (money, people, materials ... A project is a finite endeavorhaving specific start and completion..."
,what is a project? a project is a ...series of activities designed to achieve a specific outcome within a set budget and timescale.
,A project is a finite endeavor (having specific start and completion dates) undertaken to create a unique product or service which brings about beneficial change...
,A project is a collection of tasks that must be completed in minimum time or at minimal cost. Objectives of Project Scheduling. Completing the project as early as...
,"Abstract: In the clinical research setting, a project is a unique clinical trial. Within a contract research organization (CRO), a project manager is the: Project team..."
,"A project is a work effort made over a finite period of time with a start and a finish to create a unique product, service, or result. Because a project has a start and..."
,A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service. Contents. 1 Origin; 2 Characteristics; 3 Project types; 4 Notable projects...
,"The project is a modular kitchen FALLS proektirovalya for homes, modular design assumes ABILITY to provide a composition for both large..."
,The project is a modern villa with two tiers of windows living room. ! change search options. sale. price: 618 000 ; region: Benissa; type: Villas with...
,The project is a conventional underground mine with breasting of the Upper and Middle Elsburg reefs.
,"As an example, the project is a simple one - making a fried breakfast. First note down all the issues (resources and activities in a rough order), again for example: ."
,The project is a non-profit organization that has been serving students in Black Hawk County for 20 years. Kids in both public and private schools in...
,A Project is a set of activities which achieves a specific objective (quality) through a process of planning and executing tasks (schedule) and the effective use of...
,A project is defined as a planned undertaking of related activities to reach an objective that has a beginning and an end.[16] All projects solve some type of...
,"(26) a project is defined as: a process of considerable scope that implements a plan. an endeavor, which is planned, executed, and controlled; performed by..."
,"A project is defined as a temporary collection of work tasks designed to achieve a particular goal. Projects often get out of control, but they are ultimately..."
,"A project is defined as all work (maintenance & repair or renovation) that requires $5,000 or more in time and materials and/or is sufficiently..."
,"A project is defined as a unique undertaking that has a definitive beginning and end. Many projects can support a similar goal, creating a program or a group of..."
,A project is defined as a temporary assembly of resources and capabilities designed to create a specific product or achieve a specific objective.
,A project is defined as an individually planned undertaking designed to achieve specific objectives within a given budget and time frame. The M&E plan should...
,"According to PRINCE2, a Project is defined as A temporary organization that is created for the purpose of delivering one or more business..."
,A project is defined as being a 'temporary endeavour undertaken to create a unique product or service' and the process of achieving a successful project as...
,"Project: A project is defined as a set 'body of work' with a defined start and end date, with a pre determined level of risk. The risk can be associated with human, ..."
,"A project is defined as a nonroutine, one-time effort limited by time, resources, and performance specifications designed to meet customer needs. One of the..."
,"A project is defined as a unique set of co-ordinated activities with a finite duration, defined cost and performance parameters and clear outputs to support specific."
,Understanding the definition of a project helps in understanding the project management methodology and its effectiveness. A project is defined as follows:.
,"A project is defined as a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product, service, or result Project Management Institute, A Guide to the Project ..."
,"5 A project is defined as something projected or proposed for execution; a plan, scheme, purpose; a proposal.6 A project is any undertaking with a defined."
,"A project is defined as the practical means of doing something or a way of achieving something. More specifically, a project aims to reach a specific goal, from..."
,A project is defined as a major project when its total cost exceeds (Art. 39): 25 million in the case of environment;. 50 million in other fields. 2.2.2 Financial...
,"Project Definition: A project is defined as a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product or service, - (PMI). Page 4..."
,"a project is defined as,. a temporary endeavor taken up by an organization for the purpose of bringing about a change or creating any product or service of..."
,"Note: A project is defined as Luxury, Middle Income and Affordable if the majority of the units in a project are over P7M, between P3.5M to P7M,..."
,"The project is defined as the material, labor, and equipment to construct the Gravel Road with structures, culverts, subgrade and basecours. The project site is..."
,"The project is defined as the construction, operation and maintenance of a stretch of 6-7km semi-dedicated bus lane from Khayelitsha to the N2..."
,"A project is defined as A unique, transient endeavour undertaken to achieve a desired outcome (APM, 2006). The same definition could be applied to a..."
,"A project is an assignment/task/job that has to be undertaken and completed within a set time, budget, resources and performance specifications designed to..."
,"Project, Defined. A project is an endeavor to accomplish a specific objective through a unique set of interrelated tasks and the effective utilization of resources ."
,"A project is an in-depth investigation by children of a topic that is worthy of their time, attention, and energy (Katz, 1994b). A project involves three phases. During ..."
,"A project is an organization of people dedicated to a specific purpose or objective. Projects generally involve large, expensive, unique, or high risk undertakings..."
,The Project is an initiative of the New Citizenship Project (501c3); the New Citizenship Project's chairman is William Kristol and its president is Gary Schmitt.
,"A project is an in-depth investigation of a topic undertaken by a class, a group of children, or an individual child in an early childhood classroom or at home."
,"Whatever you do in IntelliJ IDEA, you do that in the context of a project. A project is an organizational unit that represents a complete software solution."
,"A project is an extended, in-depth investigation of a topic, ideally one worthy of the children's attention and energy. In other words, projects involve children in..."
,"A project is an activity or a group of activities with a defined scope, execution timeframe and an established budget. Thus a project must have: A desired..."
,"Next, a project is an endeavor. Resources, such as people and equipment, need to do work. The endeavor is undertaken by a team or an organization, and..."
,"A project is an undertaking an observer can draw a boundary around-at least a conceptual boundary-and say ""this is the project."" As well as its time sequence of ..."
,"The project is an undertaking of the newly-formed Springfield Collaboration, spearheaded by SIU School of Medicine. 91.jpg. Children at Springfield Urban..."
,3. Question: What is a Project? Answer: A Project is an initiative launched to create a unique product or service. A Project has a defined start date and a defined...
,"A project is an organization of people dedicated to a specific purpose or objective . Projects generally involve large, expensive, unique, or high risk undertakings..."
,A project is an interrelated set of activities that has definite starting and ending points and that result in a unique product or service; Cuts across organizational...
,"A project is an exception. A project involves investigating, compiling, arranging, and reporting information outside the range of usual activities..."
,(Latin word: pro means forward; jacere means throw). A project is an individual or collaborative enterprise that is carefully planned to achieve a particular aim...
,"A project is an uncertain business; the larger the project, the more uncertainty. It's for this reason, among others, that projects are broken down into smaller, more..."
,The project is an opportunity for you to develop and conduct an innovative project /production relevant to advanced nursing practice with faculty supervision.
,"""A project is any undertaking with a defined starting point and defined objectives by which completion is identified. In practice most projects depend on finite or..."
,"A project is any outcome ""that require[s] more than one action step"", according to David Allen. Allen created the widely respected personal..."
,"A project is any group of files that, taken together, forms a single body of work. In a development environment using Source Integrity, for example, a project might..."
,"ideal is to choose a method that is suitable for the task, and the least onerous that will achieve its purpose. What is a Project? A project is any activity that has: -."
,Definition of project: A project is any endeavor which is unique in. Scope: the endeavor will create a precisely specified product consisting of deliverables and ...
,"A project is any planned, collaborative effort that is designed to achieve an objective. The Project application not only helps you plan and track..."
,"Example: A project is any new endeavor which requires more than $10,000 of out of pocket expenses or more than 100 hours of internal effort."
,"In the context of this discussion, a project is any change significant enough to need an orderly flow of tasks a process to coordinate and manage its execution..."
,Project: A project is any work that produces a specific result and is temporary. Projects always have a beginning and an end. But they are never ongoing 189.
,A project is any desired result that requires more than one action to achieve. Making a decision about the order of your actions is very important. A project.
,"A project is any unique undertaking with a defined scope of work, and defined start and end points. This contrasts to ""operations"", which are ongoing and..."
,"A project is any undertaking with a defined start and end. Projects have defined objectives that when completed, demonstrate the completion of..."
,A project is any unit of expenditure which is administered or accounted for as an identifiable group of activities. Steps in Programming and...
,A project is any exercise or investigation in which the time constraints have been relaxed. Candidates are actively involved in making item to be showcased or...
,"A project is any unique undertaking that requires special organization and has stated objectives in terms of scope, time, and cost. The Project Management..."
,"In all cases, a project is any collection of commands, libraries or files. Each space includes the usual public directories, like bin, lib, etc, share and others."
,"A project is any undertaking with meets a specific objective and / or an identified need, drawing on a fixed limit of resources (funding, manpower, expertise) in a..."
,"A project is any task with a fixed beginning and a definite end, and in today's world, most work is done using this methodology. It is essential that we understand..."
,"For the purposes of this Policy, a project is any temporary endeavour requiring expenditure with a defined beginning and end which appears in the Rolling..."
,A project is any local matter that NPA management committee deem to be of sufficient environmental/conservation significance to warrant continuing attention.
,"A project is any temporary endeavor which creates a unique product, service or result. This program is meant to prepare highly-qualified specialists in one of..."
,"So, a project is any piece of work that requires more than a couple of action steps to complete. Even with only a couple of action steps, if the desired final..."
,"A project is characterized by time-limited activities and is assigned fixed time frames and costs. When it is finished, a project must fulfill the stakeholder needs it ..."
,"The project is characterized by the investment costs (i.e., on what the money will actually be spent) and provides the fundamental basis for portfolio management ..."
,"The project is characterized by the association of numerous instruments (sampler , synthetiser, bass, guitar, violin) including singing al... | Explore the largest..."
,"The project is characterized by its magnificent architecture, giving residents stunning panoramic views of the Palm Dubai or Dubai Marina..."
,The project is characterized by the redefinition of high height spaces with the addition of two plaster wings with an irregular and stereometric pattern and the...
,"The project is characterized by an in-depth process integration of the outlets, so that utmost customer-orientation was realized across the sales channels."
,"The Project is characterized by three main elements: first, measuring existing development indicators by the villagers themselves; second, publishing these..."
,The project is characterized by its distinctive and unmistakable features - atypical division of individual blocks of the building. All this is carefully incorporated into...
,The project is characterized by curious metal frame that provides both light and glare protection. This architectural element seems to be a fine decorative...
,"The project is characterized by unique PP solutions per company/plant, large amount of master data and complexity of logistics processes. 3/97 9/97. IBM IGS ..."
,The project is characterized by sustainable cedar siding and recycled metal roofing; the walls and roof have 40% higher insulation values than typical...
,The project is characterized by a groundbreaking design of double H buildings that provides each apartment with 4 directions for ventilation and a large sun...
,The project is characterized by a good degree of stability. A8. Project implementation period/project payback period (years): 2014-2016/Not dfined. A9. Project...
,"The project is characterized by an aggressive Design and Construction Schedule , and is being delivered under Design/Build, with a Guaranteed Maximum Price..."
,The project is characterized by excellent transport accesibility and location on Rohansk ostrov. Locality River Diamond is located in the attractive location of...
,"The project is characterized by the link between new knowledge on the neural mechanisms that are the determinants of movement and the motor functions,..."
,"The project is characterized by a central axis. The transparent covering of the axis modifies space and represents the vision of continuity. Service centre, offices ..."
,"I. 4' an- e. The project is characterized by the sculpting and deploying of artificial nesting logs, massive structures, weighting several hundred kilograms each."
,"The project is characterized by unique solutions per company/plant, large amount of master data and complexity of logistics processes. Development of Z ..."
,"The project is characterized by modernity. In all its parts and components, it reflects the thought and aspirations of the IPA. It is intended to be a marvelous icon of..."
,"Empirically, the project is characterized by extensive use of electronic corpora and a wide concept of context. Subordination and its linguistic realizations are..."
,"The project is characterized by the complex's activities (Judo, Boxing, Body/ fitness) highlighted by volumetries draped by wood or..."
,"Developed in a setting of lowcountry forest, the project is characterized by a combination of setting, amenity-rich design and convenience to transportation and..."
,The project is characterized by the general location and the modern design of the buildings. The villa design allows space and size to suit a large segment of...
,"The project is characterized by a biologically active area ratio being higher than the average, comprising among others a well-designed internal garden with..."
,"Dubbed ""Sky Courts"", the project is characterized by slanted roofs, recessed, Ronchamp-esque windows, and textured brickwork. Here, the architects, who just ..."
,The project is characterized by multi-scale analysis and integration of results from industrial-scale into lab-scale studies. RoBoYeast aims to improve productivity...
,"The project is characterized by its dominant corner formation, broken through by a curved cross-wall it is reactive with regard to urban development and allows..."
,"give strength and durability to the wood. the project is characterized by a subtle sense of humor, starting from the brand name, head of wood in..."
,"... and how the particularity of the Jew might be assimilated to, or alternately accommodated by, a project conceived as modern in its pretensions to universality."
,A project conceived as a 'traditional' documentary explodes into a whirl of ethical contradictions when one subject apparently withdraws her co-operation.
,"meticulously crafted canal locks, a project conceived as a Famine relief scheme its very failure a fitting epitaph to a darker period. The first official record of..."
,"Abstract: A project conceived as finding expert common ground on the future evolution of facilities management (FM) revealed, instead, differing perceptions of ..."
,"The project considered as a single part of an Air operating development plan, includes: Infra Support to Sustainment Airlift and new Taxiway: Construction of..."
,The project considered as 'Backbone Project' of UD Department was conceived with consultation of State Pollution Control Board and Jawaharlal Nehru...
,"The project considered as a whole and its inherent philosophy are capable of enhancing economic growth. In this perspective, a handful of..."
,A project considered as a system implies an interconnected complex of functionally related components. The effectiveness of each unit (work package) depends...
,The project considered as a showcase initiative of the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance (UPA) was in 2009 handed over to Nandan...
,The project considered as part of a baseline assessment: 1) the antenatal screening tests currently being provided. 2) how and to what standard the following...
,"The project described as a sequence of non overlapping tasks and task-end events. Examples above used critical path tasks from a project PERT network, but a..."
,"and, from the University of Limerick, a project described as a medical school, student housing and bus shelter. The architects are known and..."
,The project described as The Latino Godfather will show the Colombian criminal's rise to power andwe expecthis eventual gruesome...
,"And Rubinus, a project defined as Ruby in Ruby, where they're trying to reduce the amount of C code required. For this tutorial, we will use..."
,"For example, a project defined as follows is coming from the TI OMAP Zoom git trees as remote=""omap"":<="""" a="""">"
," A project defined as a temporary endeavour undertaken to create a unique product, service, or result (PMBOK Guide, 2008, p.5). This means that the project ..."
,Public tender in Warrington. A project known as HA to Ramsgreave in respect of the design build and commissioning of a pipeline from...
,"In practical terms, a project known as E-1 would provide 3,000 or so new housing units for Israelis in an area between east Jerusalem which..."
,The project identified as CS-D was established with the intent to increase the capacity of this conveyance system by replacing the deep ditches...
,The project identified as an EPICS project (e.g. an EPICS sticker). 4. The team has appropriate design documentation for the project on SharePoint. 5.
,"From the point of view of the architectural object, of the container, the project understood as a fixed technical document is no longer either complete or infallible."
,"From the point of view of the architectural object, of the container, the project understood as a fixed technical document is no longer either complete or infallible."
,"From the point of view of the architectural object, of the container, the project understood as a fixed technical document is no longer either complete or infallible."
