,"The Protocol is a protocol to shorten the transfer timing in CSAs (NY CSA, UK. Annex, Japanese Annex (1995 and 2008 versions)) from T+3* to T+2 following."
,Networking midterm. 1. A protocol is a set of conventionally agreed rules that specify how data is to be exchanged between pairs of programs or devices. a. true.
,"The Protocol is a collaborative process developed by a diverse stakeholder group made up of police, forensic personnel, and prosecutors."
,"Sometimes referred to as an access method, a protocol is a standard used to define a method of exchanging data over a computer network such as local area..."
,A protocol is a journal of the MEDINA commands used interactively. A protocol is a journal of the MEDINA commands used interactively.
,What is a Network Protocol. A protocol is a set of rules that governs the communications between computers on a network. These rules include guidelines that...
,What is a Protocol? A protocol is a set of rules that governs the communications between computers on a network. In order for two computers to talk to each other...
,"(countable) A protocol is a rule, guideline, or document about how certain ... (countable) A protocol is a set of rules that describes how data is transmitted."
,"In computing, a protocol is a set of rules which is used by computers to communicate with each other across a network. A protocol is a convention or standard..."
,A protocol is a Byzantine Agreement (BA) protocol tolerating t traitors if the following conditions hold for any adversary controlling at most t traitors: All loyal...
,OBI Definition: a protocol is a plan specification that has sufficient level of detail and quantitative information to communicate it between domain...
,"In the most basic sense of the term, a protocol is a method for accomplishing ... Although the protocol is a requisite for network communication, this is a role that..."
,"In tech circles, a protocol is a set of standards that programmers follow so that their work can be decoded by other computers. The p in the http of a web address..."
,"A protocol is a set of ""rules"" that govern the form, format, data content and information flow sent over communication links that connect different devices."
,"a protocol is a public notion independent of any mental state of the agents, a ... A protocol is a set of rules that govern the construction of dialogues between."
,A protocol is a document that explicitly states the reasoning behind and structure of a research project. The preparation of a protocol is a most important stage.
,What is a protocol? A protocol is a treaty. Same nature and same legal scope. Term used when the text is linked to a framework convention.
,"A protocol is a plan that describes the trial in detail, including: The schedule of visits Tests and procedures to be conducted Expected outcomes of the trial"
,"The protocol is a document describing the authors' intentions as regards topic and the methods. Any preferences and choices by selection, literature search,"
,"The protocol is a strong statement of the standards from the sector to employers, employees, (existing and prospective) customers and industry partners."
,"A protocol is a written plan that describes the goal of a research study and how the study will be conducted. For example, it describes the type of people needed..."
,"The protocol is a strong statement of the standards from the sector to employers, employees, (existing and prospective,) customers and industry partners."
,"A protocol is a set of rules that governs data communication; the key elements of a protocol are syntax, semantics, and timing. * Standards are necessary to..."
,"The protocol is a level 2 protocol, which bypasses the ARPANET HOST-HOST protocol. (This is implemented on TENEX using special privileged system calls..."
,The protocol is a filing treaty and not a substantive harmonization treaty. It provides a cost-effective and efficient way for trademark holders...
,The protocol is defined as a state machine. The data sent over a channel can be optionally restricted to conform to a certain pre-defined schema. The compiler...
,"The protocol is defined as a metabolic therapy, one that is based on the theory that disease is caused by the body's accumulation of toxic..."
,"... no prior knowledge of each other i.e., no public keys. A and B trust S. A and B have established secret keys with S kas, kbs. The protocol is defined as follows:."
,a protocol is defined as: a detailed plan of the implementation of a totally new technology through an on-site trial in a federally registered...
,"The protocol is defined as either the IP protocol number of the packet, or if that indicates TCP or UDP, the protocol number plus the well-known port number from..."
,"communication protocol using this model typically proceeds as follows: I First, the protocol is defined as a network of communicating finite state machines:."
,The protocol is defined as the beginning part of the URL schema. Currently SVNKit supports only svn:// (svn+ssh://) and http:// (https://) schemas. The created...
,"The protocol is defined as follows, A task runs at its original (sometimes called its base) priority when it is outside a critical section. A task can..."
,"In this model, a protocol is defined as a network of n 2. processes that exchange messages over error-free simplex. channels; each process is a finite state..."
,A protocol is defined as a comprehensive set of measures for the regulation of human activities and the preservation of the environment. On the basis of...
,"The protocol is defined as follows: (1) Alice chooses a random2 a {1,...,|G| 1}, and sends ga to Bob. (2) Bob chooses a random b {1,...,|G| 1}, and."
,"communication protocol using this model typically proceeds as follows: 0 First, the protocol is defined as a network of communicating finite state machines."
,"A protocol is defined as 'a document that describes the objective(s), design, methodology, statistical considerations and the organisation of a..."
,A protocol is defined as a written plan that specifies procedures to be followed in defined situations; a protocol represents a standard of care.
,The protocol is defined as a set of REST APIs on top of HTTP. The data carried by the protocol is encoded as JSON. Queries can be performed...
,A protocol is defined as a set of instructions or a standard design that can enable two devices to share information with minimal chances of...
,... Board of Medical Examiners Rules and Regulations); A protocol is defined as a written guideline for the medical management of a patient's condition.
,A protocol is defined as a set of incoming and outgoing data types and the data exchange sequence [8]. An example connector is a. UNIX pipe. Configuration.
,The protocol is defined as where first byte is header and remaining 7 bytes is the data. They are trying to pass a particular ID string but the ID...
,"The protocol is an improvement over the BB84 QKD protocol. BB84, in conjunction with the one-time pad algorithm, has been shown to be..."
,"The protocol is an answer to a problem of identity fragmentation, prevalent on the Internet in the early 21st Century. It improves on protocols, such as OAuth and..."
,The protocol is an answer to a recent security problem: all the aspects of the problem may already not be known. . The protocol is an answer to a time critical...
,The protocol is an answer to a recent security problem: all the aspects of the problem may not be known already. The protocol is an answer to a critical...
,... implementation of these services from the higher layers. a protocol is an agreement between two communication parties on how communication is to proceed.
,"A protocol is an algorithm two (or more) parties have to follow to perform a ... The outcome of the protocol is an element from the set {0, 1, reject}; If both parties..."
,"The protocol is an agreement about how people in different agencies will share information about the children that they work with. In practice, practitioners must..."
,A protocol is an outline of the clinical trial. A specific protocol defines what topic is being researched. This document will specify the types of patients that will be...
,"... agreed upon set of rules for communicating in diplomatic settings. On the Internet, a protocol is an agreed upon method for sending and receiving information."
,The protocol is an improved version of that of Damm and Willmitzer (1988).The main changes in original procedure are as follows: (1) A mixture of Cellulase Y-C...
,"The protocol is an important tool to ensure that agency social workers are both supported and productive. In particular, it addresses the..."
,"The protocol is an agreement between the Department of the Environment, the Ministry of Agriculture and Supply and Industry Union Cane sugar - UNICA ( in..."
,The protocol is an agreement between housing and support providers. It relies on accurate information being provided by both parties and ongoing support...
,This protocol is the result of that research and is built on established practice elsewhere. The protocol is an extension of normal community relations practices.
,"protocols, created by Jon Postel in 1982. The protocol is an Internet standard and is documented at http://www.faqs.org/rfcs/rfc821.html."
,A protocol is an action plan based on strict scientific and ethical principles that describes how the study will be conducted and how the patients' safe- ty will be...
,The protocol is an international treaty designed to protect the ozone layer by phasing out the production of numerous substances believed to be...
,... the principles outlined in the document and to make demonstrable progress towards achieving its vision. A protocol is an agreement and has no force in law.
,"The protocol is any stones not from your property is stealing; however, just like spotting an apple tree in a yard, just knocking on the door and..."
,"ODF Protocols are now commonly found in many Sub-. Saharan Africa countries. A protocol is any sort of guideline, strategy or commonly agreed upon mode of."
,"In Image Lab software, a protocol is any combination of imaging, analysis, and report settings that has been saved to run as a single workflow. Researchers can..."
,A protocol is any semi-protocol that has at least one run. The set of all runs of a protocol P is denoted by R(P). We conclude this section with the...
,"In Image Lab software, a protocol is any combination of imaging, analysis and report settings which has been saved to run as a single workflow. Researchers."
,"A protocol is any semi-protocol that has at least one run. The set of all runs of a protocol P is denoted by R(P). Definition 4. A protocol P = V,L..."
,"Remember, for the sake of Blackmamba programming, a protocol is any function that uses the ""yield syscall()"" syntax. The run() method is what performs all the..."
,@Samba: A protocol is any set of rules which govern some action or communication; a networking protocol doesn't necessarily have to exist as...
,A protocol is any kind of communication between 2 or more computers. What is SMTP? SMTP is the 'standards' protocol that is used to send...
,"A protocol is any semi-protocol that has at least one run. The set of all runs of a protocol P is denoted by R(P). Definition 8. A protocol P = V al, Loc is called..."
,"A protocol is any set of operational procedures, which enable data such as identifiers, settings and frames and any data comprised in a frame..."
,"A protocol is any means for communication; for example, a process for send ing a message which could include data format. As used herein."
,"The protocol is characterized by a high efficiency, reduced exposure to an attack by an eavesdropper, and higher sensitivity to such an attack..."
,The protocol is characterized by state traces and formally verified by a theorem proving system PVS. Relevant properties are specified and...
,The protocol is characterized by the simplicity of sample preparation and the lack of amplification-related sequencing bias. Page %P. Loading... Close Plain text.
,... electrophysiological properties expected for fully functional MSNs.The protocol is characterized by its replicability in at least three human pluripotent cell lines.
,The protocol is characterized by the simplicity of sample preparation and the lack of amplification-related sequencing bias. PMID: 21431759; [PubMed - indexed...
,The protocol is characterized by the possibility to supplement it with new features when new services appear. Integration into the existing...
,"The protocol is characterized by high analytical performances (accuracy better than 1%, excellent linearity), even if it is affected by relatively..."
,"... is reported. The protocol is characterized by the use of inexpensive reagents, mild conditions, exceptional functional group tolerance, and good to high yields."
,"The protocol is characterized by the following features: (i) it is designed based on IPv6, (ii) relying on a DNS server, it allows bootstrapping a MANET with little..."
,The neighbor discovery and domain name registration in IPv6 are incorporated and enhanced with se- curity functions. The protocol is characterized by the fol-.
,The neighbor discovery and domain name registration in IPv6 are incorporated and enhanced with se- curity functions. The protocol is characterized by the fol-.
,The protocol is characterized by a staggering dosing regimen with MMF starting at 1 month preoperatively and continued for at least 1 year; while CsA and...
,"A protocol is characterized by a set of rules and a set of strategies (see, e.g., [4]), which have to be followed by all players for them to be guaranteed a fair portion..."
,"The protocol is characterized by zero overhearing costs and minimal idle listening. The paper shows a proof of concept, evaluates potential of our algorithm and..."
,"The protocol is characterized by zero overhearing costs and minimal idle listening. The paper shows a proof of concept, evaluates potential of our algorithm."
,"The protocol is characterized by the following features: (i) it is designed based on IPv6, (ii) relying on a DNS server, it allows bootstrapping a MANET with little..."
,A protocol is characterized by temporal strategies and by the nature of data exchanged [Coutaz 91]. A temporal strategy defines the coordinating rules for...
,The protocol is characterized by the use of small diameter nichel-titanium wires (size .010 or .012) during the orthodontic alignment phase and...
,The protocol is characterized by state traces and formally verified by a theorem proving system PVS. Relevant properties are specified and...
,"The protocol is characterized by employing an efficient updating strategy for the stochastic information at each node. It can achieve minimum delay, high delivery..."
,"The protocol is characterized by early and repeated administration of high to myeloablative doses of cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, and etoposidedrugs that..."
,"The protocol is characterized by three distinguished features: first, it is designed at the application layer to... more. Abstract In our previous work we introduced a..."
,The protocol is characterized by state traces and formally verified by a theorem proving system PVS. Relevant ... The paper presents a formal modeling and...
,"a verifier V . The protocol is characterized by the unitary operators V1,V2 the verifier applies in each round, the initial state projection init and..."
,... electrophysiological properties expected for fully functional MSNs.The protocol is characterized by its replicability in at least three human pluripotent cell lines.
,"The protocol is characterized by the following parameters: maximum window size (Wmax ),. maximum segment size (MSS), ack segment size,. loss detection..."
,The protocol considered as the optimization threshold was just above the setting that resulted in a significant reduction in CR and noise but not affecting SR at...
,The protocol considered as the optimization threshold was just above the setting that resulted in a significant reduction in CR and noise but not affecting SR at...
,"Definition: A protocol described as a CSP system P provides anonymity if an arbitrary permutation of the events in A, applied to all the traces of P, does not alter..."
,The protocol described as follows was used to prepare the lens for AFM measurements. A custom-made circular black plastic ring was...
,"a lO-month culture period including in vitro culture, multiplication and ex vitro rooting. The protocol described as above is reproducible. It."
,"A protocol defined as above, is not guaranteed to be well behaved, and we must impose some constraints on its structure. In particular, we will assume that the..."
,"one should be aware of, and attempt to follow, a protocol known as Net Etiquette (Netiquette), which is nothing more than ""good manners"" for the benefit of all."""
,"... the protocol known as RFC 2821 protected void sendEmail() throws Exception { System.out.println(""Sending message now: Debug below"");..."
,The protocol identified as EMD-003 described a laboratory study of efficacy of the test formulations against ticks. The protocol identified as...
