,"In chemistry, a solution is a homogeneous mixture composed of only one phase. In such a mixture, a solute is a substance dissolved in another substance,..."
,What Is a Solution? A solution is a homogeneous mixture of one or more solutes dissolved in a solvent. solvent: the substance in which a solute dissolves to...
,A solution is a mixture of one substance dissolved in another so the properties are the same throughout. A solution is composed of a solute and the solvent.
,"In military parlance, a solution is a course of action to be taken, again normally to solve a problem (problems being where should we sail to reach this port, how..."
,"A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more chemical substances. If we have a solution made from a solid and a liquid, we say that the solid is dissolved ..."
,A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances; the dissolved substance is called the solute and the substance in which the solute is dissolved ...
,Solution Definition: A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances. A solution may exist in any phase. Solution Examples: An example of a...
,"In term of science, a solution is a liquid mixture where the minor component is uniformly distributed in the major component. The minor component is also known."
,Solutions. A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more components. The dissolving agent is the solvent. The substance which is dissolved is the solute.
,"A solution is a homogeneous (or uniform) mixture of two or more substances. A solution is composed of one or more solutes, dissolved in a solvent. The solute is ..."
,A solution is a homogenous mixture of two or more substances that exist in a single phase. There are two main parts to any solution. The solute is the component...
,A solution is a mixture in which other substances (solutes) are dissolved. The components in a solution may not be separated from the solution by leaving it to...
,A solution is a mixture of two or more substances in a single phase. At least two substances must be mixed in order to have a solution. The substance in the...
,A solution is a structure for organizing projects in Visual Studio. It performs a function similar to Windows Program Group (.vbg) files in Visual Basic 6.0 and...
,"A solution is a mixture of materials, one of which is usually a fluid. A fluid is a material that flows, such as a liquid or a gas. The fluid of a solution is usually the ..."
,A solution is a special type of mixture that is homogeneous throughout. This means that the molecules or ions involved are so well mixed that the composition is...
,"A solution is a homogeneous mixture of a solute and a solvent. Solutions can be formed in any state of matter; that is they may be solid, liquid, or gas. A solution..."
,A solution is a homogeneous mixture. This means that the composition of the mixture is uniform (= the same) throughout a sample of any size. The major...
,"A solution is a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances. A solution can either be in the gas phase, the liquid phase, the solid phase, or in a combination ..."
,"As you will remember from Lesson 4, a solution is a mixture of at least two substances - the solvent and one or more solutes. By now, you have dealt with several..."
,"1. 3 /03. ""A solution is a product in search of a problem"": A History of Foundations and Evaluation Research. Peter Dobkin Hall. Hauser Center..."
,A solution is a system which contains two or more substances homogeneously (a single phase) dissolved in one another. When a solute dissolves in a solvent...
,"A solution is a stable orbit if Y(t) = (0,0) when t . A solution is a unstable orbit if Y(t) = (0,0) when t . A. Source. . . . dx dt dy dt. . . . . =."
,"The solution is a joke. Written in a way that only a lawyer could love (and written by a lawyer, naturally), Google outlines a way to opt-out of..."
,A solution is a type of homogeneous mixture formed when one substance dissolves in another. It is the best mixed of all mixtures. A solution always has a...
,"A solution is defined as a homogeneous mixture or a mixture where the components are uniformly mingled. Normally we thing of a solution is the liquid state, but..."
,A solution is defined as a homogeneous mixture containing a solute and a solvent. The solute (the substance being dissolved) is present in the lesser amount in...
,"A solution is defined as a homogeneous mixture of both a solute and solvent, collectively known as a solution. Solutions generally have different properties than..."
,A solution is defined as a homogeneous mixture of two or more substances where all substances are distributed as individual molecules or...
,"Acidic, Basic, Neutral Solutions. A solution is defined as neutral if the concentration of hydrogen ions is the same as the concentration of hydroxide ions:..."
,A solution is defined as having a neutral pH (pH = 7.00 at 25 o. C) when the H. + concentration is equal to the OH- concentration. A solution is defined as...
,"In chemistry, a solution is defined as a mixture of two or more substances in a homogeneous form. In a homogeneous solution, a solute is completely dissolved ..."
,"Hence, the solution is an = n3n1. 2. Solve the following recurrence. an = 3an1 + 2n + 1, a0 = 0. The homogeneous version has general solution an = 3n."
,The solution is an amendment to the U.S. Constitution defining a marriage between two people rather than just between a man and a woman.
,"If the solution remains colorless or unchanged, the solution is an acid. If the solution turns pink or magenta in color, the solution is a base."
,"hydroxyl ions, the solution is an acid ( pH value below 7) if the solution has a higher concentration of active hydroxyl ions than that of hydrogen ions, the solution..."
,"At equivalence, the solution is an aqueous salt. In fact, it is identical to a 0.050M solution of the salt NaA(aq). So, the pH is determined from the equilibrium of a..."
,"Hence, the solution is an = 5 2n. We will discuss four methods for solving recurrences: (1) Guess and. Check, (2) Iteration, (3) Characteristic Equations, and (4)..."
,"values are discontinuous, the solution is an analytic function inside the disk. Unlike the rectangular series solution (15.23), the polar series..."
,"A solution is an action sequence, so search algorithms work by considering various possible action sequences. The possible action sequences starting at the ..."
,"A solution is an important form of matter and is the basis of many of the products we use everyday. From glues to shampoos, soda pops to medicines, solutions..."
,The solution is an enhancement to document management systems and/or repositories. eKeeper generates and manages the so called security envelopes ...
,"Ask students how an indicator shows if a solution is an acid, neutral, or base. (It changes ... the solution is an acid, neutral, or base.) Leave the diagram on the..."
,A solution is any value of a variable that makes the specified equation true. A solution set is the set of all variables that makes the equation true. The solution set...
,"As you might already know, a solution is any homogeneous mixture of solids, gases or liquids in a liquid or a gas. The component of the..."
,"A solution is any value that makes the equation true. What does coefficients of a quadratic equation mean? , in the following quadratic equation, the coefficient to ..."
,A solution is any solution that can dissolve more solute at a given temperature? unsaturated. What is a solution in which you can dissolve more solute?
,"The solution is any one of the following: - Add a style called ""M.SMALL CIRCLE"". - Modify the theme definitions to use M.CIRCLE or M.STAR or..."
,A solution is any column vector x such that the righthand side of the above equality is equal to the left hand side. Ryan Blair (U Penn).
,"A solution is any combination of products, components or application artifacts addressing a particular user requirement. This includes what would traditionally be..."
,c5 = {x : x matches original puzzle}. a solution is any. x . 5. i=1. ci . matthew k. tam. douglasrachford for combinatorial optimisation...
,"The solution is any of the following: After the save call, perform a fetch; If you want to save on an API request, copy the .attributes collection and reapply after the..."
,"A solution is any corrective step taken within the troubleshooting process that requires performing an actual task. Questions. Questions identify, remove or clarify..."
,It is solved immediately by SVD. The solution is any linear combination of the columns returned by the nullspace method above. Second case. Proof. Third case.
,A problem is a difference between the existing state of affairs and its desired state . A solution is any action meant to achieve the desired state of affairs.
,"The solution is characterized by mass, angular momentum, and shear charge, the latter of which is a measure for violating Lorentz invariance."
,"The solution is characterized by a universal behavior, independent of the parameters of the disorder statistics. Associating technological..."
,"The solution is characterized by a strong suppression of the beryllium neutrino line, a weak distortion of the high energy part of the boron..."
,The solution is characterized by the formation and expansion of a scroll wave that begins forming on the boundary of R1 and spreads outward. Solutions to such...
,"Take the derivative w.r.t. , set it , obtain some necessary condition. necessary conditions for optimal control. The solution is characterized by the following:."
,"In Bayesian inversion, the solution is characterized by its posterior probability density (PPD). A fast Gibbs sampler (FGS) has been developed to estimate the..."
,"The solution is characterized by a variational principle. Based on it an approximate solution for the fluid of exponentially varying density, confined between two..."
,The solution is characterized by a set of nonlinear equations. An alternative formulation as a constrained nonlinear optimization problem in less unknowns is ...
,The solution is characterized by outstanding user-friendliness and offers customers the highest level of security thanks to a wide range of...
,"namely, the solution is characterized by an orthogonality condition: The vector v is the solution iff. x v,v v = 0. v H. Recall that we proved this in the..."
,"The solution is characterized by the ease with which it can be deployed, learnt and managed by client organizations independently. Go to top. Solutions."
,"... problem obtains from a repeated application of Pareto optimality. If unique, the solution is characterized by the Nash bargaining conditions suitably modified."
,The solution is characterized by the following features: Simple web interface to facilitate accessing enterprise content; Variety of software...
,"0) then, the solution is characterized by: $ ! %! %, ! #. %. (1 %). , ! +1 "" !'/# (< #)(! %! %)$. $#. (1 %)$$ + %$#. '/$ $. $#. (1 %)$$ + %$#."
,"In many cases, the solution is characterized by a partial differential equation. We propose its numerical analysis by finite elements method which gives bounds in..."
,"In many cases, the solution is characterized by a partial differential equation. We propose its numerical analysis by finite elements method which gives bounds in..."
,The solution is characterized by a set of nonlinear equations. An alternative formulation as a constrained nonlinear optimization problem in less unknowns is ...
,"The solution is characterized by a nonlinear saddle point problem, and the corresponding linearized problem is well-posed near strict local minima. The main..."
,"The solution is characterized by its high bandwidth, high availability and ease of management. It also provides much convenience to the end users through..."
,"For points in general position, the solution is characterized by at most 3 points. This leads to the concepts of Basis, Combinatorial dimension,."
,"For full-time employees, a solution is characterized by a bid job, which consists of a five-day-a-week schedule, a lunch break for all shifts, and a set of WSG task..."
,"The solution is characterized by three parameters the gravitational mass , the rotation , and the NUT . The vierbein field is axially..."
,"to as harmonic maps. The solution is characterized by a nonlinear saddle point problem, and the corresponding linearized problem is well-posed near strict local ..."
,"Even, a solution conceived as stylistic completion of the already existing sliding door system Stripe. The crosspieces on both sides of the door make it perfectly..."
,"In this approach, the solution considered as a Taylor series expansion converges rapidly to the nonlinear problem. New homotopy perturbation method (NHPM)..."
,"The solution considered as convincingly answering the problem is provided by Oscar H. Ibarra (Department of Computer Science, University of..."
,The solution considered as a function of m will be a parameter form for the curve Ce. If we have parameters a little bit outside our parameter...
,"Thus, the solution considered as the most suitable for this purpose, namely the offshore one, has been analyzed with reference to the main technologies used to ..."
,"recognition hypotheses. A solution considered as the best one at a given point of the recognition process might turn out not to be appropriate later on, when new."
,"The solution considered as the best email provider always depends on the perspective of the user. For example, those seeking a business email address need..."
,A solution described as 1.0 has a concentration of 1.0 ol/L. Mole is the SI fundamental unit of the amount of a substance (as distinct from its mass or weight ).
,The solution described as LISS has 20% less sodium chloride compared to normal isotonic solution. The formula described is made up of 0.17M saline (180 mL)...
,A solution described as described in http://support.microsoft.com/kb/2360509/en- us is not possible because his Office Identity is 20 GB and he...
,A solution described as 1.0 M has a concentration of 1.0 mol/L. These units are not approved by the General Conference on Weights and Measures. Their use...
,"previous (a > 0), the solution described as in the schematic of Figure 2b. (ii) Forw < rum-'11, equation (11) has two roots, denoted by SVH and SLH (0 < SVH..."
,"Indeed, a solution described as 1.0 nM has a concentra- tion of 1.0 nmol/L. Although these units are not approved by the General Conference of Weights and..."
,It was oxygenated with 100% 02. Modifications to this standard solution are indicated in the text. A solution described as 4 mm-[Rb]. is the above solution with .
,"Re: Simple solution... I love it. A solution described as simple, when it in fact makes things more complicated. Do you work in local government?"
,"Then, a solution defined as the above mentioned procedure is called a Stackelberg (equilibrium) solutions, which has been employed as a solution concept for."
,"Then, a solution defined as mentioned above is called a Stackelberg (equilib- rium) solution, which has been employed as a solution concept for two-level..."
,"remaining axioms. All axioms except SYM are satisfied by the solution defined as . (z1(S, d),d1) for every (S, d, r) n. The solution defined as d + 1 where."
,"The solution defined as the above mentioned procedure is a Stackelberg solution . In this paper, both the upper level and the lower level have one DM, and the."
,"The solution known as "" colloidal ferrum Crookes "" contains. 0.05 per cent. of iron as a colloidal ferric compound, with about. 0.5 per cent. of gelatin and about..."
,A solution known as a lixiviant is injected and allowed to remain in contact with the rocks long enough to dissolve the uranium ore. When the lixiviant is almost...
,"Fortunately, a solution known as Incurred Medical Expense (IME) billing can help the majority of long term care residents who depend on Medicaid afford to pay..."
,The solution identified as the most appropriate comprised a Digital Signage Player connected to the dozen required TV displays using IPTV streaming...
,"The solution identified as having the largest opportunity behind tasking an executive with managing, is Investment in a streamlined technology..."
,A solution identified as synthetic Jl3 well water was used as leaching solution # 1 and a solution identified as Pore Water was used as leaching solution #2.
,"For these previous two years, a solution identified as the No No Hair Removal Program continues to be one of a few top hair removal items in..."
,The solution identified as best kept fruit texture palatable for at least 12 days after treatment. In our early season assessment of the variety...
