,"Basically, a taxonomy is a way to group things together. For example, I might have a bunch of different types of animals. I can group them together according to ..."
,"A taxonomy is a 'knowledge organization system,' a set of words that have been organized to control the use of terms used in a subject field..."
,"A taxonomy is a classification system that allows you to distinguish concepts, name concepts and put those concepts in order. It is used to index and access..."
,A taxonomy is a collection of controlled vocabulary terms organized into a hierarchical structure. Each term in a taxonomy is in one or more...
,The taxonomy is a useful way to characterize different levels of questions in exams and the corresponding responses expected from students. It originates from...
,"A taxonomy is a ""subject map"" to an organization's content. A taxonomy reflects the organization's purpose or industry, the functions and responsibilities of the..."
,"""A taxonomy is a system for naming and organizing things into groups that share similar characteristics."" In our view, the ""things"" (objects) to be organized can be..."
,"Basically, a taxonomy is a way to group things together. In WordPress, a taxonomy is a grouping mechanism for some posts (or links or..."
,"The taxonomy is a thorough classification, enumeration, and discussion of usability issues in VEs that can be used by VE researchers and developers for..."
,"Essentially, a taxonomy is a way of classifying data. Typically a taxonomy will have a set of characteristics that is unique to it. To be obvious, if a taxonomy had ..."
,"A taxonomy is a top-down, controlled vocabulary. We often refer to the process of applying a taxonomy term to an article as ""tagging,"" but this..."
,"The taxonomy is a separate deliverable, in Word if it's short, Excel if it's more extensive. We also incorporate the taxonomy into the CMS so that..."
,The taxonomy is a balance between typing ontologically-motivated relations useful for conceptual modelling up to the minimum level of distinctions to gain...
,"hierarchy. In the context of ECM, a taxonomy is a structure for classifying documents and records; it focuses on the relationships of how information is used within..."
,The taxonomy is a final version and covers regulations published upto 2009-09- 01. It covers the main reporting requirements for ordinary commercial and...
,"A taxonomy is a hierarchical classification of words, labels, or terms that are organized into groups based on similarities. A taxonomy may be defined and..."
,"Taxonomy: A taxonomy is a way of classifying things. Bloom's taxonomy is one man's way of classifying educational objectives. As you read, you will see that..."
,"A taxonomy is a valuable tool for a corporate Intranet. Corporate Intranets are often based on a content management system, and content management systems..."
,A taxonomy is a description and classification system for concepts; an XBRL taxonomy is a particular way to describe and classify reporting concepts. XBRL...
,"A taxonomy is a classification system. Normally, the aim of a taxonomy is to group things according to similarities in some respect such as similarities in structure,..."
,"""A taxonomy is a controlled vocabulary consisting of preferred terms, all of which are connected in a hierarchy or polyhierarchy"". From section..."
,A taxonomy is a scheme that partitions a body of knowledge and defines the relationships among the pieces. It is used for classifying and understanding the...
,"The taxonomy is a list of computer-readable financial reporting labels coded in XBRL, a computer language that allows companies to tag the pieces of financial ..."
,"So, the taxonomy is a subset of TOC. I will not hesitate to say the taxonomy guides the technical writers to develop and complete the manual..."
,"A taxonomy is a classification system that is used to index and access information about a subject in a systematic, unambiguous way. In a human service context..."
,A taxonomy is a classification tool that allows different examples of some generic type to be described. The taxonomy presented here is a hierarchy of questions...
,routing protocols. It is so because it tries to reveal the main design and implementation principles behind protocols. The taxonomy is a little bit complicated and it.
,"In WordPress, a taxonomy is a means of classifying content. Taxonomies enable you to group things together in specific ways. This makes them extremely useful..."
,"(""The taxonomy is a 'mess' so we don't have a firm name for it"") (green) and cf. Gyractis sp. (""The larger brown polyp is another anemone. I'm not quite sure of..."
,"In the semantic web, a taxonomy is a kind of dictionary of terms and their precise definitions. When a dictionary is ordered logically, in a hierarchy, it's called a..."
,"In other words, a taxonomy is a system by which you identify and organize things, be they blog posts, animals, or currency. When you create a custom post type..."
,"Basically, a taxonomy is a way to group things together. ... In WordPress, a taxonomy is a grouping mechanism for some posts (or links or..."
,A taxonomy is a system for classifying tasks. 3. Poulton's (1957) conceptualization of motor skills was based upon the predictability of the environment.
,"A taxonomy is defined as a specific form of an ontology, which is a formal, explicit specification of a shared conceptualization [5] that provides users with insight."
,A taxonomy is defined as a set of laws or principles for classification. The idea of taxonomy is derived from biology where organisms are classified by shared...
,"The taxonomy is defined as a categorization of concepts based on certain criteria , it lists for each concept it's most specific sub- concepts and super-concepts."
,"In terms of ontology, a taxonomy is defined as an ontology built on a single type a term. and a relationship of a single type inheritance [TM2]. A thesaurus is..."
,"2) Domain taxonomy: A taxonomy is defined as a collection of entities, organized in a hierarchical structure ('is-a' hierarchy), in order to describe objects of a..."
,"A taxonomy is defined as the set of all elementary changes. By this definition, every CS can be transformed into any other CS by a chain of elementary changes..."
,"skills (Figure 2). A taxonomy is defined as a set of categories or terms organized into a hierarchy with parent-child relationships and implied inheritance, mean-."
,"The taxonomy is defined as a directed acyclic graph, with a single root, whose nodes are called categories. One says A is a sub-category of B if..."
,"of this review, a taxonomy is defined as a classification system that organizes data into meaningful categories. (Kirwan, 1992). In contrast to a taxonomy, a model..."
,A taxonomy is defined as a mechanism used to categorize things according to their relationships to one another. The cognitive domain relates...
,A taxonomy is defined as a Classification: especially orderly classification of plants and animals according to their presumed natural relationships ; the word is.
,A taxonomy is defined as an XML Schema and the set of directly referenced extended links and any extended links that are nested within the...
,"in the root node (see Figure 3.1(c)). A taxonomy is defined as a set of generalization hierarchies on the at- tributes of a structured dataset. For instance, the set of..."
,A taxonomy is defined as a Classification: especially orderly classification of plants and animals according to their presumed natural relationships; the word is...
,"a taxonomy is defined as: the science of classification according to a pre- determined system, with the resulting catalog used to provide a..."
,"The taxonomy is an elaboration and extension of the results of a working group. ( consisting of the authors of this paper, Salah Sadou, and Stefan Van Baelen)..."
,"The taxonomy is an epistemological rather than psychological hierarchy, but it also has a basic chronological element: you achieve certain levels before others."
,"First and foremost, a taxonomy is an information access tool, and will be implemented in a manual or automated system. Secondarily, a taxonomy is a..."
,"A taxonomy is an organizational hierarchy. Bloom's Taxonomy categorizes thinking skills ranging from recalling information, the most basic skill, to evaluation,..."
,The taxonomy is an extension to the core taxonomy for IFRS regulations published by the International Accounting Standards Board. The UK extension adapts...
,"A taxonomy is an orderly classification. In this case, Bloom and associates classified thinking skills into learning objectives. They appear in six levels, from."
,The taxonomy is an outcome of an investigation of the widespread problem of spreadsheet errors and an analysis of specific types of these...
,A taxonomy is an XML schema and the set of XBRL linkbases that it references using linkbaseRef elements and the linkbases that are nested...
,A taxonomy is an ordered and systematic classification terms whose components are ranked into level of subordination according to specific rules. This search...
,"The taxonomy is an electronic dictionary of all accounting concepts that may be used by a company to prepare and present its financial statements, and hence it ..."
,The taxonomy is an electronic dictionary of all cost accounting concepts that may be used by a company to prepare and present its Cost Audit and Compliance...
,A taxonomy is an organizational structure for your analysis results. Taxonomies allow you to view the results of your build analysis in unlimited ways. By default...
,"A taxonomy is an ordered classification system. In error reduction analysis, an examination of the human failures that lead to an event often uses a taxonomy to ..."
,"A taxonomy is an ordered classification system. In error reduction analysis, an examination of the human failures that lead to an event often uses a taxonomy to ..."
,A taxonomy is an ordering of things within a particular field. THEE reveals an implicit order in our minds at work. It silently governs you when you are genuinely ...
,CONCLUSION: The taxonomy is an early attempt to understand and recognize how patients may err and what clinicians should aim to influence so they can...
,"A taxonomy is an organizational hierarchy that is used to classify information. In biology, for instance, a taxonomy can organize different..."
,"The taxonomy is an extension to the UK GAAP taxonomy, containing additions and amendments reflecting charity reporting requirements, particularly those set ..."
,The taxonomy is an absolute translation of the International Financial Reporting Standard (IFRS) for Small and Medium-sized Entities (IFRS for SMEs) into XBRL ...
,"A taxonomy is an index--a method of filing information in a logical, commonsense manner. The Center's taxonomy helps the individual organize his/her needs in..."
,The taxonomy is an intrinsic structure of categories and documents. Each node in a class hierarchy represents a subclass of the father node. The leaf nodes...
,A taxonomy is an 'ordered list of things'. A taxonomy can exist without a custom post type. A taxonomy can be associated with one or many post...
,A taxonomy is an ordered classification system. Information is grouped according to presumed natural relationships. Ordered resources are...
,Using the Engineering Taxonomy for Course Design. A taxonomy is an artifact used in the science of classification [taxis (order) & nomos (science)]. Taxonomies...
,A taxonomy is an important step in understanding the nature of stack oriented computers. A good taxonomy allows making observations about global design...
,"Even without answering these questions, the taxonomy is an interesting one I believe. I think that instead of categorising learning theories what it might actually ..."
,"The taxonomy is an outline of sentence characteristics incorporating all of these concepts, and is designed to be applied to both single utterances and..."
,"Broadly speaking, a taxonomy is any system of organization that divides and orders concepts into groups or categories. In the corporate setting, a taxonomy..."
,"A taxonomy is any classification system that hierarchically groups enti- ties by their similarities. Thus, taxonomic and shape- based classifications (or one based ..."
,"Broadly speaking, a taxonomy is any system of organization that divides and orders concepts into groups or categories. In the corporate setting, a taxonomy..."
,"According to the World Book Dictionary (1990), a taxonomy is any classification or arrangement. Taxonomies are used to ensure that examinations contain a mix ..."
,"According to the World Book Dictionary (1990), a taxonomy is any classification or arrangement. Taxonomies are used to ensure that examinations contain a."
,"To describe component functionality, a taxonomy known as the functional basis is used. The functional basis was formulated to address the need for a clear..."
,"Taxonomy is the practice and science of classification. The word is also used as a count noun: a taxonomy, or taxonomic scheme, is a particular classification."
,"Taxonomy is the science of classification according to a pre-determined system, whose resulting catalogue is used to provide a conceptual framework for..."
,"Taxonomy is the science of classifying organisms into groups by structure, origin, common ancestor, etc. One goal is to recognize the inherent order in nature."
,"Taxonomy is the formal hierarchical naming system applied to biological organisms. In this database, each taxon that might be used in a determination is stored..."
,Taxonomy is the part of classification that is concerned primarily with relationships. Classifications are contrivances made by humans to suit their purposes. They.
,"Taxonomy is the grouping or categorizing of things into an outline or tree structure. In the scientific classification system, biologists group and categorize every..."
,Taxonomy is the aspect of systematics that deals with the correct application of scientific names. Nomenclature is the system of scientific names applied to...
,Taxonomy is the field of research devoted to naming and describing living organisms - everything from bacteria and viruses to whales and...
,"Taxonomy is the science of classification of organisms. Biologists classify organisms based on their evolutionary relationships, using a hierarchical system of..."
,"Taxonomy is the science dealing with description, identification, nomenclature, and classification of living things. A dichotomous key is a tool that allows users to ..."
,"Taxonomy is a narrower term than classification. Classification includes taxonomy, but it also includes the grouping of soils according to limitations that affect..."
,"Taxonomy is a hierarchical structure based on the Nice Classification terms, with broader terms on top and more specific terms below."
