,"Note: The term is defined as a sign, notice, device or representation in the nature of an advertisement visible from any public place or public reserve or from any..."
,"the term is defined as: any state or local government; any department, agency, special purpose district, or other instrumentality of a state or local government;..."
,The term is defined as the (unmotivated seeing of relationship with the unseen - an experience of metanoia within an image) We are what we see. 98; 56.
,"In this report, the term is defined as the overall attacks conducted via the. Internet including, but not limited to, unauthorized access, DoS/DDoS..."
,"Resilience;the term is defined as the ability to recover quickly from setbacks. Though we don't measure it, resilience is an indication of the state of the ecosystem;..."
,The term is defined as a consumer product. The term is defined as a consumer product that is designed or intended primarily for children 12 years of age and...
,"Note: The term is defined as a sign, notice, device or representation in the nature of an advertisement visible from any public place or public..."
,"The term is defined as ""the phenomenon in which a drug reaches a maximum effect, so that increasing the drug dosage does not increase its effectiveness."
,"In English, the term is defined as a Japanese-disseminated animation style often characterized by colorful graphics, vibrant characters and..."
,"For the sake of this list, however, the term is defined as anyone who forcefully takes power from an established ruler, without consideration to that ruler's..."
,"Credit Program students can rent a locker for each term they are actively enrolled in. A term is defined as the Summer term, Fall term, Winter term, or Spring term."
,"A term is defined as a four-month period beginning January, May or September. Information and Technology Services General Computing..."
,"The term is defined as housing for very low-income households, low-income households or moderate-income households, being such households as are..."
,"Usually, the term is defined as ""a company that is experiencing difficulties in its management and that can no longer discharge liabilities it must pay off""."
,"The term is defined as 'one favorably disposed' in People ex rel. Bebro v. Bond, 104 A.D. 47, 48 (N.Y. App. Div. 1905). A man's wife can properly be regarded as ..."
,"for the purpose of interpreting this rule, the term is defined as: a speedsuit must be comprised of 100% textile material such as nylon or lycra and must not..."
,"... in courses necessary for an engineering degree, is in good academic standing. A term is defined as a fall semester, spring semester or summer session."
,"In English, the term is defined as a Japanese-disseminated animation style often characterized by colorful graphics, vibrant characters and..."
,9) A term is defined as a four-month period coinciding with the academic calendar. (January to April; May to August; September to December). 10) Students...
,"The term is defined as follows. (EQ 145) req_satisfied_by (reqID, partID, t) The arguments are defined as follows: reqID: Unique identification for the requirement ."
,The term is defined as a health professional who practices respiratorycare and meets three requirements: Has successfully completed an accredited respiratory ...
,"The term is defined as attempts to influence legislators about legislation, promoting projects for future legislation, and trying to sway legislators toward specific..."
,"a term is defined as: must be fall, winter or spring; attempted nine or more credit ( attempted is defined as having attended any single class while registered for..."
,"a term created by two guys, ""leon"" and ""slicer"". the term is defined as, ""a misspelled term from pressing the wrong key on the keyboard when actual..."
,"A term is defined as the time between Annual meetings, usually scheduled in May. Through its Standing and Ad Hoc Committees, the Board of Directors seeks to..."
,"A term is defined as one (1) year. During terms one (1) and two (2), the student will complete the core courses providing the foundation to their degree."
,"A term is an expression composed of constants and variables that are multiplied by each other. Example of a term in a polynomial: Let a,b,c, and d be constants."
,"The term is an oxymoron, said Jonathan Rosa, an assistant professor of linguistic anthropology at the University of Massachusetts Amherst."
,"Simply put, the term is an effective tool in the age old struggle of inequality between the ""haves"" and the ""have nots."" The term ""illegal alien"" has been used to..."
,"The term is an atom. static int, TYPE_COMPOUND The term is a compound term. static int, TYPE_FLOAT The term is a float. static int, TYPE_INTEGER The term..."
,"The term is an abbreviation of ""attiring house"" or ""attiring room."" This structure was located at the back of the stage and opened out onto the stage from two or..."
,The term is an MGI ID if it starts with the letters MGI; The term is an Ensembl ID if it starts with the letters ENSMUSG; The term is a Vega ID if it...
,The term is an allusion to Adam Smith's notion of the man of the system someone who is believed to be able to coordinate the complex...
,"The term is an abbreviation of the newly-created word. The term refers to figuartively getting your ass beat in by a forty-something year-old prison inmate, i.e...."
,The term is an attempt to describe people with a more positive term than non- White or minority which frames them in the context of the dominant group. Persons...
,Visa versa is a Latin term that means the order reversed. The term is an adverb. A good example would be Molly loves her mom and visa versa.
,A term is an expression whose identification is rather subjective and hard to formalize. 1http://www.granddictionnaire.com. Patry and Langlais...
,"A term is an entry in the vocabulary. The term has a value. Most terms are tokenised terms which also have a token, and some terms are titled, meaning they..."
,Terms[edit source | edit]. A term is any clause or provision in a contract. The two main issues which arise in relation to contractual terms are: what are the terms of ...
,A term is any part of an expression that's separated from the other parts by either a plus sign (+) or a minus sign (). Important: A term always includes the sign...
,"A term is any word used to group things in a taxonomy. In this case, the terms in our category taxonomy would be 'automotive', 'shopping', and..."
,"A term is any expression representing an object in the domain. It can be a constant, a variable, or a function applied to a tuple of terms."
,"A term is any set of the form {pi,i | i I}, where pi is a forcing condition. (a member of the forcing partial order P), i a term (inductively), and I any index set."
,"A term is any distinct quantity, fraction or proportion in a sequence or series. In exercise 1, find the value of the term indicated in ( ). To do this, use the formula..."
,"Definition: A term is any syntactic expression that designates an object. Names are primitive terms, i.e. a constant-symbol. Compound terms are..."
,"Definition: A term is any syntactic expression that designates an object. Names are primitive terms, i.e. a constant-symbol. Compound terms are..."
,"A term is any distinct quantity, fraction or proportion in a sequence or series. In exercise 1, find the value of the term indicated in ( ). To do this, use the formula..."
,A term is any Prolog construct representing an object. Constants and functions are always terms and variables can represent terms. Other Prolog concepts are...
,"In general, the term is characterized by a simple annoyance or hurt caused by some person or thing. Historically, nuisance referred to the denial of someones..."
,"1995). The term is characterized by a broad scope of aggressive and coercive behaviors, including verbal and physical aggression, defiance of authority figures ,."
,"A term is characterized by its qualities, including motivation, systematic character, stability, definiteness, applicability, precision and."
,"ClassicismThe term is characterized by a sense of form, balance and proportion. It looks to the Greek and Roman authors for inspiration. ComedyA play..."
,The term is characterized by a considerable diversity in regard to the breadth of occurrences which it incorporates. From the perspective of large-scale historical...
,"The term is characterized by monosemy, univocity, precision of definition; its meaning can only be referential, hence it becomes nothing but a label attached to..."
,The term is characterized by intertextual quotations and parodic repetitions of the colonizer discourse and thereby we observe the practice of both a thematic...
,"The term is characterized by striking out against larger society and by feelings of alienation, loss of identity, and what has been termed acculturative stress (Berry..."
,"Poggio 1999: 22), the term is characterized by a constitutive ambiguity since a certain kind of 'revisionism' is an intrinsic part of the work of the historian."
,"Poggio 1999: 22), the term is characterized by a constitutive ambiguity since a certain kind of 'revisionism' is an intrinsic part of the work of the historian."
,"The term is characterized by a sense of form, balance, and proportion. It implies self-knowledge, self-control, and an unfaltering sense of reality;..."
,"The term is characterized by monosemy, univocity, precision of definition; its meaning can only be referential, hence it becomes nothing but a label attached to..."
,"The term is characterized by monosemy, univocity, precision of definition; its meaning can only be referential, hence it becomes nothing but a label attached to..."
,"concept resists precise definition, the term considered as used in this recommendation should. 67 be interpreted so as to fulfill its purpose of..."
,"fact, a term considered as significant will be ""actively"" searched; i.e. when we search also some close words to this term. But we think that with these close words,..."
,"every 100 children in the U.S. have a food allergy, a term described as a potentially serious immune response to eating specific foods or food additives."
,The term described as the total activity of anabolic and catabolic activity within the body? The term described as the responsiveness of an...
,"However, the term described as [%>1 or 3 mm] indicates that the 10 mm granule materials retains the greater volume of longer fibers as expected. It is generally."
,"These forces are called gunas (pronounced gun-a), a term defined as strand, thread, rope. They are the intertwining forces that weave together to make material..."
,"... population of good bacteria is called probiotics, a term defined as ""live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit..."
,"we believe in quality: a term defined as: a degree or grade of excellence. we think of quality not as some advertising buzz word, but as something that can be..."
,"Food sharing, a term defined as the unresisted transfer of a monopolizable food from a possessor to a recipient. (Feistner and McGrew 1989),..."
,"Online at stacks.iop.org/JPhysB/45/229501. The term defined as the direct field should not be included in the paper because. j=i Ei,j includes..."
,"It's also the name of a flower, an iris, a perennial, a term defined as enduring or lasting an indefinitely long time. Her ribcage charted bruises shaped like the..."
,"... common that these are owned by a park or recreation authority and the livery operates there, with or without permits, a term known as ""granting a concession""."
,"to distract attention from the occupation, a term known as ""pinkwashing,"" as well as intense outreach by anti-Israel groups to Hispanic student..."
,"The term known as ""arthritis"" usually brings to mind the disease that takes knitting and gardening away from grandmothers and grandfathers worldwide. It's the..."
,"In 1994, Michigan voters approved the Constitutional Amendment know as Proposal A. A term known as Taxable Value was created as a part of this legislation."
,"The flowers grow out of the main trunk, a term known as cauliflory, salmon pink with narrow linear petals hanging down. Fruits are glossy..."
,"A term known as 'Meth mouth' is also associated with the use, as it can rot the teeth quite severely. Methamphetamine causes numerous neurotransmitters to be..."
,"They also used the term sometimes foods, a term identified as something taught by the preschool or long day care centres that their child attended. Parents..."
,"A term identified as being an accession number, Gene ID or gene symbol is searched using MySQL relational database, which separately..."
,"In Jackson problem 7.27, the term identified as the spin-angular momentum of the electromagnetic field is an expression that is not invariant..."
,"For example, the term identified as 2128 equals the August 2012 term: 212 stands for 2012, without one digit. 8, at the end, stands for..."
,"the overall center of gravity of the body, a term identified as the. gravity line, is becoming a particularly useful tool in assessing sagittal alignment. In fact..."
,"i.e. the term identified as the 'free-particle contribution' to the Lamb shift is precisely the contribution from the free (background) field, just as in QED [7]. Its value..."
,"A term identified as a proper name is not stemmed during profiling. The document profile can be described as a vector of terms, each one associated with its..."
,The mapping takes into consideration lexical variants and synonymy. 2. A term identified as anatomic by its semantic type is returned by the mapper as is.
,communication design. The term identified as most appropriate by the Icograda. General Assembly 2007 in La Habana is 'communication...
,"power/sensitivity; objective/subjective; abstract/contextualized; principled/ personalized .... .. . In each pair, the term identified as ""masculine"" is."
,"A term identified as a salient domain object clearly ought to be in the database in its simplest form, by providing a definition for it. The same applies to a relation ..."
,"exists in the South because of what many believe to be ""affirmative action"" for blacks, a term understood as preferential treatment to a group."
,"Apex. A term understood as applying to the part most remote from the branch or root. (In pears, this part is usually spoken of as the crown.) Axis."
,"Format:Paperback. Understanding Music with AI is an introduction to Cognitive Musicology, the term understood as a science of mental representations of music."
,"(Adorno), the term understood as Panofsky defined it in opposition to the content- based analysis which is the province of the iconographic."
,"way while driving by honking a car horn. thus, the term understood as honking has a similar cross-cultural application, if viewed this way. much ivory trumpet..."
,"Concerning the ""interspecific competition"", a term understood as any mechanism that produces negative effects on population growth of the native or focal..."
