,"A virus is a small infectious agent that can replicate only inside the living cells of an organism. Viruses can infect all types of organisms, from animals and plants..."
,A virus is a small infectious agent that can only replicate inside the cells of another organism. The word is from the Latin ''virus'' referring to poison and other ...
,"J Virol. 1993 Apr;67(4):1761-4. A single amino acid in the PB2 gene of influenza A virus is a determinant of host range. Subbarao EK, London W, Murphy BR."
,A virus is a microscopic organism that can replicate only inside the cells of a host organism. Most viruses are so tiny they are only observable with at least a...
,A virus is a small program that gets into your computer undetected in order to cause havoc. This small software program has either been developed because the...
,"Viruses: A virus is a small piece of software that piggybacks on real programs. For example, a virus might attach itself to a program such as a spreadsheet..."
,A virus is a tiny parasite which can infect living organisms. It is made only of RNA + protein coat; sometimes of DNA+ protein. Their method is to get their (usually)...
,The virus is a prophage at this stage. The virus binds to bacteria (host). The virus inserts its DNA into the bacteria. The viral DNA gets incorporated into the cell's...
,"A virus is a tiny, infectious particle made up of an outer coat wrapped around a strand of DNA or RNA. DNA and RNA are chains of genetic material that contain ..."
,A virus is a microscopic particle that can infect the cells of a biological organism. Viruses can only replicate themselves by infecting a host cell and therefore...
,"Outside of a living cell, a virus is a dormant particle; but within an appropriate host cell, it becomes an active entity capable of subverting the cell's metabolic..."
,No living organisms are safe from viruses. Virus is a Parasite A virus is a parasite and cannot survive on its own. It needs a living host. How do viruses multiply.
,"A virus is a computer program written to maliciously affect the way a computer operates, with or without the knowledge or permission of the user, by loading itself..."
,"A virus is a program that replicates, i.e. it spreads from file to file on your system and from PC to PC. In addition, it may be programmed to erase or damage data."
,"A virus is a small program that will affect, and often hides inside, other programs. A virus might attach itself to your word processing, email, or spreadsheet..."
,"A virus is a sub-microscopic particle that can infect a host cell. Viruses are incapable of replicating without infecting a cell. At their most basic, they are genetic..."
,"A virus is a piece of computer code that attaches itself to a computer program. When a computer runs the infected program, the virus launches and embeds itself..."
,"By some definitions, a virus is a particular case of a Trojan horse, namely, one which is able to spread to other programs (i.e., it turns them into..."
,A virus is a germ that is smaller than a bacteria. Viruses are encapsulated by a protective coating so they are more difficult to kill than bacteria.
,A virus is a capsule of protein that contains genetic material. A virus cannot reproduce on its own and must infect a living cell to grow. Colds and influenza are...
,A virus is a quantity of genetic material (this could be RNA or DNA) usually encapsuled in a coat of protein called the capsid. It is an infectious agent that lives in...
,A virus is a code that someone has written and placed inside the computer. Viruses basically perform two simple functions: they copy themselves to other...
,"In the simplest of terms, a virus is a computer program that reproduces itself and attaches that copy to other computer programs. It does so in such a way that its..."
,"In the strictest sense, a virus is a program that copies itself and infects a PC, spreading from one file to another, and then from one PC to..."
,"By itself, a virus is a lifeless particle that cannot reproduce. But inside a living cell, a virus becomes an active organism that can multiply hundreds of times."
,"A virus is defined as any of a various number of submicroscopic parasites that can infect any animal, plant or bacteria and often lead to very serious or even..."
,"A virus is defined as ""virus: a software program capable of reproducing itself and usually capable of causing great harm to files or other..."
,A Virus is defined as a program inserted into another program. It gets activated by its host program. It replicates itself and spreads to others through floppy...
,"in short, a virus is defined as, an intracellular parasite that does not have the molecular machinery to replicate without the host. plant viruses..."
,"The virus is defined as being cytopathic, which causes degenerative changes in cells. The current efforts to classify MIDWV have produced..."
,"Strictly speaking, however, a virus is defined as program code that replicates. Of course, this simple definition leaves plenty of scope for further sub-division."
,"However, a virus is defined as a program which reproduces itself. It may attach to other executable programs, and it may create copies of itself..."
,"A virus is defined as any of a various number of submicroscopic parasites that can infect any animal, plant or bacteria and often lead to very serious or even..."
,"A virus is defined as any of a various number of submicroscopic parasites that can infect any animal, plant or bacteria and often lead to very serious or even..."
,"A virus is defined as any of a various number of submicroscopic parasites that can infect any animal, plant or bacteria and often lead to very serious or even..."
,"A virus is defined as any of a various number of submicroscopic parasites that can infect any animal, plant or bacteria and often lead to very serious or even..."
,"By convention, a virus is defined as a new species if its replicase gene is less than 90% the same as other strains in the same genus, the report..."
,A virus is defined as ts if its titer at 39C is at least 100-fold lower than its titer at 33C. A virus is defined as ca if the difference in titers at 33 and 25C is less than ...
,"A virus is defined as a tiny, millions can fit on the head of a pin, infectious particles consisting of a nucleic acid (DNA or RNA) enclosed in a protein coat and,..."
,"For the purpose of this policy, a virus is defined as any type of malware (short for malicious software) which is designed to secretly access a computer system..."
,"No, a virus is defined as a program that infects a computer causes significant harm and spreads from that computer to other computers. Malware doesn't..."
,"A Virus is defined as a piece of self-replicating code attached to some other piece of code, with a payload. A payload could be the popup of random windows on..."
,A virus is defined as a program that infects other computers. Prove that there can be no universal program for catching all viruses and only...
,... approximately 1% per annum[1][4]. A virus is defined as a VDPV if it has 1% divergence in the VP1 sequence compared to the corresponding Sabin strain.
,"Strictly speaking, however, a virus is defined as program code that can copy itself , either within the computer, or to other machines."
,A virus is defined as a computer program hidden usually within another program that reproduces itself and inserts copies into other programs which perform...
,A virus is defined as a malicious piece of code attached to a file that spreads itself . What most people want to claim to be a virus (attacking a...
,"A virus is an infectious agent of small size and simple composition that can multiply only in living cells of animals, plants, or bacteria. Viruses are microscopic ..."
,"A virus is an invasive biological agent that reproduces inside the cells of living hosts. When infected by a virus, a host cell is forced to produce many thousands ..."
,"A virus is an infectious agent that can replicate only within a host organism. Viruses infect a variety of living organisms, including bacteria, plants, and animals."
,"Multimedia Messaging Service - The virus is an attachment to an MMS text message. As with computer viruses that arrive as e-mail attachments, the user must..."
,"AJ Cann. And EP Rybicki, 2008: A virus is an infectious acellular entity composed of compatible genomic components derived from a pool of genetic elements."
,A virus is an organism that contains no cells (acellular) whose genome consists of nucleic acid and that reproduce inside host cells. When they...
,A virus is an even smaller micro-organism that can only reproduce inside a host's living cell. It is very difficult to kill a virus. That's why some of the most serious...
,"A virus is an infectious agent, often highly host-specific, consisting of genetic material surrounded by a protein coat. More . Source: healthline.com."
,The most common cause. What is a virus in the body? A virus is an infective agent that is microscopic that enters your body to do harm to it. What is a body virus?
,"A virus is an organic structures that interacts with living organisms. It does show characteristics of life such has having genes, evolving by natural selection and..."
,The hepatitis A virus is an RNA virus that causes hepatitis A in humans. ... The virus is an RNA virus that belongs to the genus hepatovirus of the Picornaviridae ...
,Viral Structure. A virus is an obligate intracellular parasite. This means it must invade a host cell in order to reproduce. An isolated virus can not replicate itself or...
,A virus is an infectious agent that infects all living organisms like plants and animals. Man is not spared by the virus as it can also infect the body and would...
,"The virus is an H5N1 avian influenza strain that has been genetically altered and is now easily transmissible between ferrets, the animals that..."
,"A virus is an ultramicroscopic infectious organism that, having no independent metabolic activity, can replicate only within a cell of another host organism. A virus..."
,"Outside of a living cell, a virus is an inactive particle, but within an appropriate host cell it becomes active, capable of taking over the cell's metabolic machinery ..."
,"A virus is an organism that is so small you can't see it without a strong microscope. Viral infections are not treatable with antibiotics (like penicillin). However, the..."
,"A virus is an infectious, parasitic agent that can only replicate inside other host cells. All viruses have a genome and a capsid. A viral genome can be:"
,A virus is an infectious organism that reproduces within the cells of an infected host. 2. A virus is not alive until it enters the cells of a living plant or animal. 3.
,A virus is an infectious agent that can replicate only inside living organisms. You may wish to watch BrainPOP's movie on Viruses for an overview of how viruses...
,How to Remove Win32/Gaelicum.A Virus. Win32/Gaelicum.A virus is an Internet worm that can infect your computer through some websites. It has the ability to...
,"Outside of a living cell, a virus is an inactive particle, but within an appropriate host cell it becomes active, capable of taking over the cell's metabolic machinery ..."
,"A virus is an infectious agent that is found in virtually all life forms, including humans, animals, plants, fungi, and bacteria. Viruses consist of two major parts- an..."
,(A) Influenza A virus is an enveloped single-stranded RNA virus. It has a genome of eight RNA segments with a coding capacity for 10 proteins. RNA segments...
,"A virus is an extremely tiny infectious agent that is only able to live inside a cell. Basically, viruses are composed of just two parts. The outer part is a protective..."
,"A virus is an obligate intracellular pathogen (meaning that it must live within the cells of its host in order to reproduce). They cause chicken pox, common cold,..."
,A virus is any software that causes harm to your computer. SO DON'T COMMENT WHEN U DON'T KNOW THE STUFF !! Reply . in reply to...
,A virus is any program or piece of code loaded to your computer against your knowledge and runs against your wishes. Removal of a virus can be tricky and it ...
,"A virus is any computer program that spreads from computer to computer by ' piggybacking' on real programs. When that program is run on a PC, it will also..."
,"A virus is any program or piece of code that runs without your knowledge or permission, often with the intent of causing some sort of damage to your computer."
,"VIRUSES - A virus is any computer program that can 'self replicate', or make copies of itself, spreading from one computer to another without the help of the user."
,"A virus is any computer program that can ""self-replicate"" or make copies of itself and spread itself from one machine to another without the help of the user."
,"In spoken language, a virus is any kind of a malicious program that is on the user's computer without his or her permission and / or knowledge, and is causing ..."
,"A virus is any software designed to harm your computer files, software and/or data. Anti-virus software protects your computer from virus, worm and trojan..."
,Virus A virus is any suspect email that is trapped by the dedicated antivirus engine. (Note: This information is being blocked and will not be quarantined.) c.
,"A virus is any group of ultramicroscopic agents that reproduce only in living cells. Unlike viruses, bacteria do not require a living host cell to reproduce."
,A virus is any piece of code. Who are the typical users of a personal computer? Usually the people who use a personal computer are the people who are in that...
,"""Loosely speaking, a virus is any malicious piece of software that is installed on your computer without your knowledge and which spreads to other computers,..."
,"In short, a virus is any program that makes copies of itself, often times moving from computer to computer over a network or by email. Using your own email..."
,A virus is any program that is installed on your computer system without your knowledge or consent. Sometimes viruses can spread by...
,"A virus is any program that self replicates. Trojan horses for remote access or data theft will be considered hacking, as these are ways to gain access through the..."
,A virus is any program that is designed with the intention of doing harm to a computer. Viruses can result in anything from damaging your computer's hardware to...
,"VirusA virus is any piece of software that self-propagates, meaning one of the first things it does on your computer is to create copies of itself..."
,A virus is any program that has been designed to disrupt or corrupt normal data operations. Virus protection is a must for proper data security. New viruses are...
,"The virus is characterized by fever, lower respiratory tract symptoms, and abnormal chest x rays. However, it also produces immunodeficiency. No cases of the..."
,"The virus is characterized by its B-lymphotropic host range and has tentatively been named ""lymphotropic papovavirus"" (LPV). Seroepidemiological studies..."
,Human influenza A virus is characterized by its high degree of variability and by its ability to cause frequent epidemics of disease. Most of the variation occu.
,"The immune response to influenza A virus is characterized by an influx of both macrophages and T lymphocytes into the lungs of the infected host, accompanied..."
,... we show that the genomic evolution of influenza A virus is characterized by a complex interplay between frequent reassortment and periodic selective sweeps.
,"The virus is characterized by extensive genetic diversity due to its error-prone reverse transcriptase, high viral turnover rates, and genetic recombination (4)."
,The hepatitis A virus is characterized by a single molecule of RNA encased by a small protein shell. Other picornaviruses cause human illnesses ranging from...
,"The influenza A virus is characterized by two proteins found on its surface: Hemagglutinin 1 (H1) and Neuraminidase (N). In April 2009, a new H1N1 variant, ..."
,The virus is characterized by rapid and lytic replication in cell cultures and by the ability to establish lifelong latent infection in sensory nerve ganglia of the host.
,"In acute cases, the virus is characterized by high fever, severe depression, rapid loss of weight and anemia. Death often occurs within three to 14 days after..."
,... we show that the genomic evolution of influenza A virus is characterized by a complex interplay between frequent reassortment and periodic selective sweeps.
,The virus is characterized by its: > mutation rate (10-5/site). > recombination rate. > turnover (109/day). The result is nine divergent subtypes. Within a...
,"The virus is characterized by a fever, cough, and a red, blotchy rash. It's transmitted by airborne droplets from the coughs and sneezes of infected people, and it..."
,"The virus is characterized by fast dissemination over cellular structure. Varicella- Zoster is not resistant to the environment, and is also sensitive to disinfectors..."
,The virus is characterized by a wide molecular heterogeneity in different genomic regions. In a comparative study by single strand conformation polymorphism...
,The virus is characterized by an enormous genetic variability with the existence of two genotypes of PRRSV referred as genotype 1 (European)...
,"The virus is characterized by having a single-stranded RNA as its genetic material, which it uses to incorporate into the genome of the host cell..."
,"The virus is characterized by its three-layer capsid, an outer and an inner capsid and an internal shell that surrounds the 11-segment double-stranded RNA..."
,"A virus considered as a possible causative factor for chronic fatigue syndrome, prostate cancer, and even Lyme disease, XMRV is now thought to be a result of..."
,25 () 2013 ... The virus considered as enterovirus . poliovirus cause poliomyelitis . Most cases occur in children. Pathogenesis: Virion interacts with specific...
,"TV1 (obtained from S. Engelbrecht), a virus described as rel- atively resistant to neutralization (10), no neutralization was noted with MAbs IgG1b12 or 447-52D..."
,"With a subtype C PI TV1 (obtained from S. Engelbrecht), a virus described as relatively resistant to neutralization (10), no neutralization was noted with MAbs ..."
,A virus described as an isolate of BAV was identified in western China (Xinjiang Province) from patients with fever and flulike manifestations (35). Virus isolates...
,"A virus described as ""one of the most advanced pieces of crimeware ever created "" was responsible for the theft of around 500,000 online bank accounts and..."
,"LQP-79 Zombie Virus. Claim: A virus known as LQP-79 produces ""zombie-like"" cannibalistic behavior in humans."
,"The virus identified as VBMania (more commonly known as ""Here you have it"") appeared back in September 2010, as many Internet users..."
,"A virus identified as a new pathotype of Papaya leaf distortion mosaic virus ( PLDMV, P-TW-WF) was isolated from diseased papaya in an isolated test-field in ..."
,"A virus identified as a new pathotype of Papaya leaf distortion mosaic virus ( PLDMV, P-TW-WF) was isolated from diseased papaya in an isolated test-field in ..."
,"Summary. A virus identified as Passiflora latent virus (PLV) was isolated from passion fruit plants. Particle morphology, host range and serological properties."
,"cycle (Figure 1), including virus attachment, reverse transcription, and DNA integration. The virus identified as the etiological agent of AIDS infects T-helper cells."
,"United States today, those at risk fOf AIDS-or HIV. the virus identified as the precursor of. AIDS-include 12 million people who are diagnosed annually with one..."
