,"A zoonosis is a transmissible disease caused by a microbe (virus or bacterium), a parasite (helminth, fungus, protozoan) or a prion capable of infecting at least..."
,"In simpler terms, a zoonosis is a disease that we can catch from our dogs or cats. The disease is not called Zoonosis; rather it is like an..."
,"A zoonosis is a disease or an infection which is naturally transmissible between vertebrate animals (dogs, cats, bovines, etc) and man. How does man become..."
,"In simpler terms, a zoonosis is a disease that we can catch from our dogs or cats. The disease is not called Zoonosis; rather it is like an..."
,A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted naturally between animals and man. Work at the Swedish Zoonosis Center has the objective to...
,"A zoonosis is a disease that is normally harbored within an animal host, but given the right conditions can jump from animal to human. Rabies..."
,"A zoonosis is a disease or infection which is naturally transmitted from vertebrate animals to humans and vice versa (Toma et al., 1991, [glossary of animal..."
,A zoonosis is a disease transmitted from animals to humans. Australia has at least 89 zoonotic agents. Zoonotic disease can be spread directly or indirectly.
,A zoonosis is a disease that can jump between species. A virus that evolves the ability to jump from a nonhuman animal species to humans will...
,A zoonosis is a disease or infection that is naturally transmitted between vertebrate animals and humans. The majority of infectious diseases...
,A zoonosis is a disease of animals that may be transmitted to man. A vector is a carrier that transfers an infectious agent from one host to another. Lyme disease...
,"A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans. She and her colleagues had come up with a list of their own, but they..."
,A zoonosis is a disease of animals that can be transmitted to humans. Some of the diseases with their own sections on TropIKA.net are zoonoses for example...
,"Fact: A zoonosis is a disease that crosses over from an animal to man. [47] Ebola, bubonic plague, yellow fever, monkeypox, bovine tuberculosis, lime disease,..."
,A zoonosis is a disease which can be passed between animals and humans. The following information sheet is designed to give an overview of some common...
,Animal reservoir: A zoonosis is a communicable disease which is transmitted from a non-human animal to a human. Here the non-human animal is the reservoir.
,A zoonosis is a disease that is passed from animals to humans. Most people are aware of certain zoonotic diseases such as rabies.
,Definition: A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans. The plural of zoonosis is 'zoonoses'. Any disease that is a zoonosis is...
,"Simply put, a zoonosis is a disease that is acquired from a vertebrate animal. Some microbiologists also consider vector-borne diseases as zoonoses. But the..."
,A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted from a non-human animal to a human. Several invertebrates are known to be carriers of zoonotic diseases.
,A zoonosis is a disease that is naturally transmissible between vertebrate animals and man. Salmonellosis is one of the most common zoonotic infections in...
,"A ZOONOSIS is a diseasetransmitted from an ani- mal, usually a vertebrate, to humans. In most cases, the person is exposed becauseof occupation or avocation..."
,A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted from an animal to a human. One well known example is rabies. Rabies kills animals and people. There is no cure...
,A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted from an animal to a human. One well known example is rabies. Rabies kills animals and people. There is no cure...
,"However, a zoonosis is a disease that is transmitted from other vertebrates to humans, at least sporadically, without requiring viral mutation."
,"A zoonosis is a disease of animals that may, under natural conditions, be secondarily transmitted to humans - a disease that is communicable between animals..."
,A zoonosis is a disease transmitted from animals to ourselves. Most (75%) of recent new infections in humans are zoonoses. Unless US laws...
,"A zoonosis is a disease that can be transmitted among humans and non-human animals. Can you name a zoonotic disease? Answer: E. coli O157:H7, influenza..."
,"Zoonoses. A zoonosis is defined as 'a disease naturally transmissible between vertebrates and man', of which there are a great variety, such as..."
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that can be transmitted between vertebrate animals and humansZoonosis infections commonly associated with the...
,A zoonosis is an infection or infectious disease that is transmissible from vertebrate animals to people. The best accepted theory about the origin of HIV is that it...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that is transmitted between species (sometimes by a vector) from animals other than humans to humans or from humans to...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease which can be transmitted to humans from animals. Before pasteurisation made it safe to drink milk from...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that is transmitted from vertebrate animals to humans. The infection may or may not cause illness in the...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that can be transmitted from an animal to humans. A neglected zoonotic disease (NZD) is a zoonosis that is neglected...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that can be transmitted from an animal to humans. The transmission may be direct such as with rabies or indirect through...
,"A zoonosis is an animal infection that, through a simple twist of fate, becomes transmissible to humans. Maybe that twist is a needle prick,..."
,Neglected Zoonotic Diseases: A zoonosis is an infectious disease that can be transmitted from an animal to humans. A neglected zoonotic...
,"A zoonosis is an animal disease transmissible to humans, generally by direct contact, aerosols, or bites. Rabies occurs primarily in wild animals and is an..."
,"A zoonosis is an infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans (think rabies or the plague), and a bacterial zoonosis is a..."
,A zoonosis is an animal infection transmissible to humans. Another bit of special lingo: reservoir host. That's the animal species in which the...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease transmissible under natural conditions between vertebrate animals and humans...
,"Therewith, a zoonosis is an infectious disease that can affect man as well as animals and can be transmitted between different species. Agents..."
,A zoonosis is an animal disease that is transmissible to humans. Humans are usually an accidental host that acquires disease through close contact with an...
,A zoonosis is an animal disease that has the potential to infect humans also. Signs and symptoms in humans include intermittent or irregular fever (undulating...
,"A zoonosis is an infectious disease transmitted between species, especially from animals to humans and vice versa. New strains of influenza..."
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that is transmitted between species from animals other than humans to humans or from humans to other...
,A zoonosis is an infectious disease that is transmitted between species from animals other than humans to humans or from humans to other...
,"From a pathogen's point of view, a zoonosis is an opportunity realized,"" says Milton Friend, who helped found the National Wildlife Health..."
,"A zoonosis is an infectious disease that is transmitted between species (sometimes by a vector) from animals other than humans to humans,..."
,A zoonosis is an infection or infectious disease transmissible under natural conditions from vertebrate animals to man. Humans usually are not susceptible to...
,"A zoonosis is an animal disease that crosses the species barrier to infect people. The risk will depend in part on how well the virus transmits,..."
,A zoonosis is an animal disease that people can catch. As pet owners we can catch diseases from our pets. In many cases we can also give them diseases.
,A zoonosis is an infection acquired from an animal source. Infection can occur when humans enter the animal environment (e.g. when camping). Transmission...
,A zoonosis is an animal infection transmissible to humans. There are more such diseases than you might expect. AIDS is one. Influenza is a...
,"said at a briefing with reporters in Geneva today, referring to thyroid cancer. A zoonosis is an infectious disease transmitted between species."
,A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted between animals and humans. In Norwegian seafood there are a few potential zoonoses of concern.
,A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans. Animals thus play an essential role in maintaining...
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted (in some instances, by a vector) from non-human animals, both wild and domestic, to humans or..."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be spread from animals to humans, or vice versa. It's estimated that over 60% of human..."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious or parasitic disease of animals that can be transmitted to humans. Examples include cat-scratch fever, psittacosis from parrots,..."
,"A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is transmissible between animals and humans. Examples of zoonotic diseases include rabies, West Nile encephalitis..."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted (in some instances, by a vector) from non-human animals, both wild and domestic, to humans or..."
,"A zoonosis is any disease-bacterial, mycotic, viral, or parasitic-that is transmissible from an animal to a human. More than 200 zoonoses have been identified."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals, both wild and domestic, to humans. Zoonoses have been known since early historical..."
,A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans. Animals thus play an essential role in...
,I learned a new word with this unit: A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans.
,"Zoonosis: (Zoonotic) A zoonosis is any infectious or parasitic disease of animals that can be transmitted to humans. As an example,Lyme disease & Rocky..."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from non-human animals (both wild and domestic) to humans, or ..."
,"INTRODUCTION. A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals, both wild and domestic, to humans (Coleman, 2002; WHO/FAO/OIE,..."
,"Summary. From medical point of view, a zoonosis is any infectious disease that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans [1]."
,9 A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from wild or domestic animals to humans or from humans to animals. 10 BBSRC Annual Report...
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals, both wild and domestic, to humans (Coleman, 2002; WHO/FAO/OIE, 2004)."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals, both wild and domestic, to humans. Some of the most well-known zoonoses are..."
,"A zoonosis is any disease or www.who.int, Zoonoses Zoonoses www.humanillnesses.com, Zoonotic Diseases Zoonotic Diseases"
,"A zoonosis is any infection that is naturally transmissible, directly or indirectly, between vertebrate animals and humans. Some agents cause disease both in the..."
,"A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans. Examples: Rabies, Avian influenza,..."
,A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans (or vice versa). Many of us who work with animals on a...
,Zoonosis/Zoonotic disease: A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans. Animals thus play an...
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted between species (in some instances, by a vector) from animals to humans or from humans to..."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease (of bacterial, viral, fungal, or parasitic origin) that can be transmitted from wild or domestic animals to..."
,A zoonosis is any disease and/or infection which is naturally transmissible directly or indirectly between animals and humans. A National Control Programme...
,"14 A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from non-human animals, both wild and domestic to humans. 15 Andrews, R.H...."
,"Description: A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted (in some instances, by a vector or fomite) from non-human animals to humans. Roughly..."
,"Zoonosis: a zoonosis is any infectious disease caused by virus, bacterium, fungus, parasite, prion, which can cross the species barrier and be transmitted from..."
,A zoonosis is any infectious disease that is able to be transmitted from other animals to humans or from humans to animals. When passed from human to animal...
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that is able to be transmitted (in some instances, by a vector) from other animals, both wild and domestic,..."
,"Disease reservoirs: A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted from non-human animals, both wild and domestic to humans or vice versa."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that can be transmitted between species, i.e. from animals to humans or from humans to animals (the latter..."
,A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans. Animals thus play an essential role in...
,"scrapie-BSE was none other than 'bovine scrapie',. 24 A zoonosis is any infection or disease that is transmitted to man from lower vertebrates,. 25 Of course, this..."
,"A zoonosis is any disease or infection that is naturally transmissible from vertebrate animals to humans (World Health Organization, 2008)."
,"A zoonosis is any infectious disease that is able to be transmitted from other animals, both wild and domestic, to humans or from humans to animals (the."
,white-footed mouse were infected with spirochetes. The zoonosis known as Lyme disease [1] is caused by a spirochete that is vectored by ixodid ticks [2]. Ixodes...
,The zoonosis known as Malta fever in human cases is caused by the bacterium Brucella melitensis (B. melitensis). In sheep and goats it leads to problems.
,The zoonosis known as Malta fever in human cases is caused by the bacterium Brucella melitensis (B. melitensis). In sheep and goats it leads to problems with...
,The zoonosis known as Malta fever in human cases is caused by the bacterium Brucella melitensis (B. melitensis). In sheep and goats it leads to problems with...
,The zoonosis known as Malta fever in human cases is caused by the bacterium Brucella melitensis (B. melitensis). In sheep and goats it leads to problems with...
,Zoonosis is the term used when humans get a disease that is predominantly found in animals but can accidentally be transmitted to humans.
,Zoonosis is the term used to describe diseases that can be passed from animals to humans and vice versa. Learn more about it here.
,Zoonosis is the cause of the vast majority of emerging diseases. Bats that occupy the second place in the mammal class play an important role. Whether they...
,"Zoonosis is the category of infectious disease that comprises all the diseases that result when some microbial material whether in the form of bacteria, virus,..."
,"Zoonosis is the crossover of the virus from animals to humans. It is possible that the mutated form of the SIV contracted by the chimpanzees, the red-capped..."
,"Zoonosis is the transmission of disease from animal to human. Reverse zoonosis is poorly understood, but scientists and veterinarians want to..."
,"Zoonosis is the transmission of disease and infectious agents from animals to humans. In 2001, a comprehensive review of all identified known..."
,Zoonosis is the name given to an infectious disease transmitted from an animal (domestic or wild) to humans. Many of the diseases that fall under this category...
,"Zoonosis is the movement of a pathogen from an animal to a human. David Quammen describes it in his recent book, Spillover, as a word of..."
,Zoonosis is the name given to a disease that can be transmitted from animals to humans; leptospirosis is one of these. This is partly why veterinarians put a lot of...
,Zoonosis is a disease of animals that is transmissible to humans. Any person with any signs suspicious of any of the following diseases should contact their...
,Zoonosis is a disease or parasite that can be transmitted from animals to humans. Children are at high risk because they have a tendency to put dirty fingers and...
